Help Center Guidance & questionnaires Contact Language  Location Account menu 
CDP
 ZHAbout us Our work Why disclose? Become a member Data and insights
Walmart, Inc. - Climate Change 2023
C0. Introduction
C0.1
(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Walmart Inc. ("Walmart," the "Company" or "we") is a people-led, technology-powered omni-channel retailer dedicated to help

people around the world save money and live better by providing the opportunity to shop in both

retail stores and through eCommerce, and to access our other service offerings. Through innovation, we strive to continuously

improve a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates our eCommerce and retail stores in an omni-channel offering

that saves time for our customers. Each week, we serve approximately 240 million customers who visit more than 10,500

stores and numerous eCommerce websites in 20 countries. 



Our operations comprise three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club. Our fiscal year ends

on January 31 for our United States ("U.S.") and Canadian operations. We consolidate all other operations generally using a

one-month lag and on a calendar year basis. Our discussion is as of and for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 ("fiscal

2023"), January 31, 2022 ("fiscal 2022") and January 31, 2021 ("fiscal 2021"). During fiscal 2023, we generated total revenues

of $611.3 billion, which was comprised primarily of net sales of $605.9 billion. 



Our strategy is to make every day easier for busy families, operate with discipline, sharpen our culture and become more digital,

and make trust a competitive advantage. Making life easier for busy families includes our commitment to price leadership,

which has been and will remain a cornerstone of our business, as well as increasing convenience to save our customers time.

By leading on price, we earn the trust of our customers every day by providing a broad assortment of quality merchandise and

services at everyday low prices.  We are committed to doing this in a way that is regenerative - helping to renew people and the planet through our business. 

Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart and our 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report at https://corporate.walmart.com/esgreport/

C0.2
(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data and indicate whether you will be providing emissions data for past reporting years.
Reporting year
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Indicate if you are providing emissions data for past reporting years
Yes
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 1 emissions data for
2 years
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 2 emissions data for
2 years
Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing Scope 3 emissions data for
Not providing past emissions data for Scope 3
C0.3
(C0.3) Select the countries/areas in which you operate.
Botswana
Canada
Chile
China
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Eswatini
Guatemala
Honduras
India
Kenya
Lesotho
Malawi
Mexico
Mozambique
Namibia
Nicaragua
Puerto Rico
South Africa
United States of America
Zambia
C0.4
(C0.4) Select the currency used for all financial information disclosed throughout your response.
USD
C0.5
(C0.5) Select the option that describes the reporting boundary for which climate-related impacts on your business are being reported. Note that this option should align with your chosen approach for consolidating your GHG inventory.
Operational control
C0.8
(C0.8) Does your organization have an ISIN code or another unique identifier (e.g., Ticker, CUSIP, etc.)?
Indicate whether you are able to provide a unique identifier for your organization	Provide your unique identifier
Yes, a Ticker symbol
WMT
C1. Governance
C1.1
(C1.1) Is there board-level oversight of climate-related issues within your organization?
Yes
C1.1a
(C1.1a) Identify the position(s) (do not include any names) of the individual(s) on the board with responsibility for climate-related issues.
Position of individual or committee	Responsibilities for climate-related issues
Board-level committee
Walmart’s Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) of the Board of Directors retains Board-level oversight of climate-related issues. Per its Charter, the NGC has the authority and responsibility to “review and advise management regarding the Company’s social, community and sustainability initiatives, including those related to climate change.
Board-level committee
Additionally, the annual performance evaluations of Walmart’s executives incorporate various non-financial factors, such as goals related to strategy, sustainability (e.g. climate-related initiatives), human capital initiatives or ethics and compliance. While the Compensation and Management Development Committee (CMDC) of the Board of Directors does not have direct oversight of climate-related issues, it considers individual performance evaluations, among other factors, when making executive compensation decisions and setting executive pay. Pursuant to its charter, the CMDC is responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation of the CEO, and is responsible (in consultation with the CEO) for reviewing and approving the compensation for Walmart’s other executive officers subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Additionally, pursuant to its charter, the CMDC is responsible (in consultation with the CEO) for reviewing the compensation of other executive officers up to two reporting levels below the CEO.
C1.1b
(C1.1b) Provide further details on the board’s oversight of climate-related issues.
Frequency with which climate-related issues are a scheduled agenda item	Governance mechanisms into which climate-related issues are integrated	Scope of board-level oversight	Please explain
Scheduled – some meetings
Overseeing and guiding employee incentives
Reviewing and guiding strategy
Monitoring the implementation of a transition plan
Monitoring progress towards corporate targets
Overseeing and guiding public policy engagement
<Not Applicable>
The Board has oversight responsibility for Walmart’s business strategy and strategic planning. The Board has created standing committees to enhance the effectiveness of the Board’s oversight function and ensure appropriate focus on matters of strategic and governance importance. While the Board and its committees oversee our strategic planning process, management is responsible for executing our strategy and the day-to-day management of risks. Per its charter, Walmart’s Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) of the Board of Directors has the authority and responsibility to “review and advise management regarding the Company’s social, community and sustainability initiatives, including those related to climate change” and to “review advise management regarding the Company’s legislative affairs and public policy engagement strategy)” Our Chief Sustainability Officer briefs the NGC on ESG topics at least annually. In 2022, this briefing included updates and discussions on climate; governance, mitigation, adaptation, advocacy, and reporting strategies; and progress to date on achieving goals. Board committees typically meet the day prior to full Board meetings and the Board committee members brief the full Board on matters covered in the prior day’s committee sessions.
While Board committees exercise most of the direct oversight responsibilities, key matters of strategic importance are brought directly to the full Board. As an example, the Board reviewed and approved the Company’s Statement on Climate Policy (available here: https://corporate.walmart.com/policies#climate-policy). The Statement frames our advocacy around achieving 1.5° Celsius-aligned, science-based national and international climate policies that are consistent with achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 and that equitably address the needs of all stakeholders.

We consider climate issues to have “substantive” relevance for Walmart because they influence our strategic direction, investment decisions, and operating practices. While it is hard to quantify the expected financial impact of individual climate risks (because of the complex, dynamic nature of climate and economic systems), and the impact of any one climate variable may be inconsequential relative to our scale (e.g., over $600 billion in annual revenue), climate-related risks and opportunities have shaped Walmart's resilient sourcing strategies, contributed to the launch of our Energy Transformation team and launch of new businesses such as EV charging, and our disaster preparedness and response strategies (e.g., pre-positioning supplies in distribution centers given rising storm intensity).
C1.1d
(C1.1d) Does your organization have at least one board member with competence on climate-related issues?
Board member(s) have competence on climate-related issues	Criteria used to assess competence of board member(s) on climate-related issues	Primary reason for no board-level competence on climate-related issues	Explain why your organization does not have at least one board member with competence on climate-related issues and any plans to address board-level competence in the future
Row 1	
Yes
Walmart considers knowledge, skills and experience gained through the following as relevant indicators of board member competence on climate-related issues:
Leadership of organizations facing significant climate opportunities and/or risk, where the role included oversight and/or direct management of climate-related issues
Board service or leadership roles at major NGOs focused on addressing climate issues
Education (post-secondary degrees, specialized training)
Board service for other companies facing climate-related opportunities and risks, where the role included oversight of climate-related policies, programs and strategies
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C1.2
(C1.2) Provide the highest management-level position(s) or committee(s) with responsibility for climate-related issues.
Position or committee
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)
Climate-related responsibilities of this position
Developing a climate transition plan
Implementing a climate transition plan
Setting climate-related corporate targets
Monitoring progress against climate-related corporate targets
Managing public policy engagement that may impact the climate
Assessing climate-related risks and opportunities
Coverage of responsibilities
<Not Applicable>
Reporting line
Other, please specify (Executive Vice-President Corporate Affairs)
Frequency of reporting to the board on climate-related issues via this reporting line
Annually
Please explain
Walmart’s Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) provides oversight of Walmart’s ESG initiatives, which includes climate-related issues, strategies, goals and targets. As part of the role, the CSO helps to develop our public facing responses to climate and engages on relevant public policy matters, develops and oversees the implementation of our climate transition plan, assess climate related risks and opportunities, and engages business units to identify the potential impacts to their areas of the business and to develop management strategies in response. The CSO is also responsible for updating the NGC of the Board of the Directors and the Walmart executive leadership team on Walmart’s ESG agenda and progress. The climate-related responsibilities selected were assigned to the CSO position because of their access to executive leadership and business unit leaders who can act on the opportunities and risks identified.
C1.3
(C1.3) Do you provide incentives for the management of climate-related issues, including the attainment of targets?
Provide incentives for the management of climate-related issues	Comment
Row 1	
Yes
Performance on priority Walmart ESG issues is integrated into the annual performance objectives of relevant officers’ roles. Officers have built ESG objectives into their individual goals and objectives, which form part of the basis on which their performance is evaluated. For example, our Operations leaders have goals and objectives relating to energy transformation, including renewable energy.
C1.3a
(C1.3a) Provide further details on the incentives provided for the management of climate-related issues (do not include the names of individuals).
Entitled to incentive
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)
Type of incentive
Monetary reward
Incentive(s)
Bonus - % of salary
Performance indicator(s)
Progress towards a climate-related target
Reduction in absolute emissions
Incentive plan(s) this incentive is linked to
Short-Term Incentive Plan
Further details of incentive(s)
The incentive is tied to company-wide emission reduction goals. This includes our goal to reduce or avoid one billion metric tons (MT) of CO2e emissions in the global value chain by 2030 (Project Gigaton). Our progress towards achieving this goal is measured annually with specific indicators tied to incentives. These indicators include the amount of emissions reduced, avoided or sequestered per year and the number of suppliers taking action to reduce their emissions through Project Gigaton.
Explain how this incentive contributes to the implementation of your organization’s climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Walmart’s Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) is responsible for developing and driving the company’s global responsibility agenda, which includes many time-bound targets and public commitments (including emissions reduction). Our CSO’s performance evaluation and compensation depend in part on the performance of their team and that of the company in delivering on this agenda each year.
Entitled to incentive
Corporate executive team
Type of incentive
Monetary reward
Incentive(s)
Bonus - % of salary
Performance indicator(s)
Implementation of an emissions reduction initiative
Increased engagement with suppliers on climate-related issues
Incentive plan(s) this incentive is linked to
Short-Term Incentive Plan
Further details of incentive(s)
No additional details.
Explain how this incentive contributes to the implementation of your organization’s climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Officers have built ESG objectives into their individual goals and objectives, which form part of the basis on which their performance is evaluated. For example, our Operations leaders have goals and objectives relating to energy transformation, including renewable energy.
C2. Risks and opportunities
C2.1
(C2.1) Does your organization have a process for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks and opportunities?
Yes
C2.1a
(C2.1a) How does your organization define short-, medium- and long-term time horizons?
From (years)	To (years)	Comment
Short-term	
0
3
Medium-term	
3
10
Long-term	
10
Ten years plus
C2.1b
(C2.1b) How does your organization define substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
  We consider climate issues to have “substantive” relevance for Walmart because they influence our strategic direction, investment decisions, and operating practices. While it is hard to quantify the expected financial impact of individual climate risks (because of the complex, dynamic nature of climate and economic systems), and the impact of any one climate variable may be inconsequential relative to our scale (e.g., over $600 billion in annual revenue), climate-related risks and opportunities have shaped Walmart's resilient sourcing strategies, contributed to the launch of our Energy Transformation team and launch of new businesses such as EV charging, and our disaster preparedness and response strategies (e.g., pre-positioning supplies in distribution centers given rising storm intensity).

C2.2
(C2.2) Describe your process(es) for identifying, assessing and responding to climate-related risks and opportunities.
Value chain stage(s) covered
Direct operations
Upstream
Downstream
Risk management process
Integrated into multi-disciplinary company-wide risk management process
Frequency of assessment
Annually
Time horizon(s) covered
Short-term
Medium-term
Long-term
Description of process
At an enterprise level, on an annual basis, the company conducts an Enterprise Risk Management process, receiving input from various teams in the business. The company assesses climate risk annually as part of this Enterprise Risk Management process.

Periodically, we conduct an in-depth scenario-based climate risk assessment (first completed in 2017) aiming to align with the scenario guidance set forth by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure. We updated the physical risk analysis in 2020 with the help of a third-party consultant, considering climate-related risks in the short-, medium- and long-terms. To assess physical risk, we used representative concentration pathway (RCP) 8.5, a scenario that assumes the absence of further decarbonization on the planet. During this assessment, we analyzed the impact of five associated climate effects—flood (riverine and coastal), heat, drought, extreme precipitation, and extreme winds—across five key geographies (Canada, China, India, Mexico, and the United States) for 2030 and 2050. We evaluated direct impacts of climate change on Walmart’s physical assets (retail stores and retail-related facilities), supply chain and communities. Insights provided by the climate risk assessment help us set long-term strategy and drive innovation.

Individual business segments and functions also assess climate-related issues as part of developing their annual strategic and operating plans. These initiatives are cascaded down through the organization through team goals and individual performance goals and evaluations and day-to-day operations management processes. For instance, our merchants use a variety of tools to manage volatility and surety of supply day-to-day. For example, our merchants use predictive weather data to adjust product deployment and replenishment rates in the short term, as well as leverage historical data on sales performance and customer buying patterns to inform product assortment shifts over time, to help ensure that as climate changes we continue to offer the right products for our customers at the right time.

We have also identified an opportunity and are investing in electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure to make EV ownership more accessible, reliable, convenient and affordable for our customers. By 2030, we aim to build our own EV fast charging network at thousands of Walmart and Sam’s Club locations coast to coast.

Direct operations:
We have prioritized incorporating energy efficiency into new store designs and upgrading older equipment where economically feasible with higher-efficiency technology which will help us adapt to a warming climate. We also use technology to monitor and optimize energy use in our buildings. Energy costs are one of our top operating expenses for our business; a few degrees of rise or fall in average temperature can translate to considerable costs, as HVAC and refrigeration systems must work longer and harder to keep temperatures in stores and product cases at optimal levels.

When designing facilities in storm-prone locations, we incorporate certain precautionary measures to help facilities withstand storms and recover as quickly as possible with minimal disruption in service. To help sustain access to electrical power when we need it most, we have invested in a fleet of permanent and mobile generators to support our distribution centers, stores and clubs during hurricanes, wildfires, winter storms, and day-to-day power surges. For example, given the probability of impacts to stores in the U.S. Gulf Coast and along the eastern seaboard, nearly all stores within certain range of the coast have a generator or quick connects for mobile generators. In addition to generators, which are not financially justifiable at all stores, we also take other measures, such as pre-planning and coordination, to reduce the time it takes to respond to power outages. Such measures reduce food loss by avoiding hours of power loss. As climate-related events increase in frequency and severity, we aim to stay in front of issues by preparing for what lies ahead.

Upstream:
To assess physical risk, we used representative concentration pathway (RCP) 8.5, a scenario that assumes the absence of further decarbonization on the planet. Risks specific to supply chains were modeled for 11 commodities (avocados, animal feed, milk, oranges, rice, coffee, cocoa, cotton, beer hops, almonds and shrimp). For those 11 goods that face the highest overall impact from climate change, we assessed three factors: land suitability, farming conditions for animal products and heat stress for people.

The analysis suggested that some commodities (e.g., coffee, cocoa and cotton) may face significant challenges due to future climate effects, while others (e.g., avocados, animal feed, milk, oranges and rice) may remain largely unaffected. Our merchants and global sourcing teams work with suppliers to implement practices that promote resilience, such as cultivating heat resistant crops to prevent future sourcing challenges.

Downstream:
Downstream impacts for climate issues are among the issues identified through climate risk assessments We modeled the potential impact of several climate variables on Walmart U.S. store communities: flooding (from either coastal or riverine sources), extreme wind (e.g., hurricanes) and heat. Our analysis suggests that ~50% of communities currently served by Walmart U.S. facilities may face significant, long-term disruption by 2050. If these areas become less habitable, people could be forced to relocate—creating challenges to physical, financial and emotional well-being for our customers and associates, and potentially requiring shifts to our store and eCommerce footprint. The financial well-being of a community may deteriorate due to the loss of jobs and homes after a hurricane, and in some vulnerable U.S. counties, there could be an up to 230% increase in household power costs.
C2.2a
(C2.2a) Which risk types are considered in your organization's climate-related risk assessments?
Relevance & inclusion	Please explain
Current regulation	
Relevant, always included
Current regulation often affects costs in our operations and value chain. For example, reviewing current carbon pricing mechanisms (i.e., carbon taxes, tariffs and cap-and-trade schemes) in the markets where we operate is important to understand our current exposure and plan strategies in the near-term to reduce risk or capitalize on opportunities. These regulatory risks are monetized and included in the company’s climate-related transition risks assessments. Examples
- Changes to carbon pricing regimes (e.g., RGGI, CA AB 32, WCI, and country level carbon taxes)
- State and Federal Level energy targets and requirements (e.g., Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS))
- Changes to subsidies and incentives related to demand-side energy management and renewable energy generation (e.g., U.S. ITC, PTC, feed-in-tariffs) Approaches to managing risk
- Policy monitoring and modeling; integration into business and financial planning
- Engagement in stakeholder forums associated with regulatory processes and rule-making
- Emissions reduction initiatives; energy efficiency, renewables, phasing out of HFC refrigerants, transitioning to zero emission vehicles, Project Gigaton
Emerging regulation	
Relevant, always included
Walmart follows emerging regulations at the international, federal, state and even city level to understand the possible future implications for our costs and ability to operate. Examples of emerging regulatory transition risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:
- Changes to HFC refrigerant regulations (e.g., Kigali Agreement, U.S. AIM Act, E.U. F-Gas)
- Policy targets, fuel and engine standards associated with increasing usage of zero emissions vehicles (CA ACT rule, Interstate ZEV MOU)
- Changes to energy and water efficiency standards for buildings and equipment
- Introduction of product taxes, labeling regulations, and design standards for carbon- or water-intensive product categories (e.g., meat, dairy, nuts, produce, appliances) Approaches to managing risk:
- Policy monitoring and modeling; integration into business and financial planning
- Engagement in stakeholder forums associated with regulatory processes and rulemaking
- Emissions reduction initiatives; energy efficiency, renewables, phasing out of HFC refrigerants, transitioning to zero emission vehicles, Project Gigaton
Technology	
Relevant, always included
Technology risks are an important consideration in how we determine our ability to manage costs and emissions in our operations and value chain. One example of how we incorporate technology into assessments is by modeling the emissions emitted and or avoided by choosing different new assets and retrofits of current assets (e.g., evaluation and testing of electric vehicles and electric charging infrastructure within our transport fleet). Other examples of technology risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:
Examples
- Advances in fossil-fuel mining and petroleum production that keep fossil-fuels prices low, adversely affecting the economics of emission reduction initiatives
- Changes in low-carbon technology and manufacturing that cause existing assets to decrease in value, competitiveness or become absolute (e.g., onsite EV chargers become underutilized, if hydrogen becomes dominant for passenger vehicles)
- Advances in low-carbon and renewable generation and manufacturing that bring down the levelized cost of energy (LCOE) making existing long term power purchase agreements less valuable in comparison (e.g., older generation wind farms)

Approaches to managing risk
- Monitoring technology trends and forecast scenarios
- Building flexibility into infrastructure changes
- Leasing assets rather than investing directly
- Advocating for technology-neutral emission reduction policies
Legal	
Relevant, always included
Legal risk can affect costs in our operations and value chain. Walmart monitors and assesses regulations and legal risks on an ongoing basis. As a global company, legal teams within and across markets follow emerging issues, addressing implications for Walmart and in some cases for our supply chains. Examples of legal risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:

Examples
- Patchwork of disparate city or state level regulations (e.g., energy regulations) rather than consistent, national regulations, making compliance more complex and costly
- Risk of events in the wake of climate-related extreme weather events, such as looting, harm to employees or customers, and shareholder concerns

Approaches to managing risk
- Monitoring and assessing regulations and legal risks on an ongoing basis
- Advocating for consistent, science-based, environmentally, and economically effective federal level climate policy
Market	
Relevant, always included
Understanding market trends helps us assess markets cost exposure and make more informed decisions for long-term renewable energy contracts and capital investments. We work with consulting and market analysts to understand relevant trends and add data into scenario assessments. Examples of market risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:
Examples
- Changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate-related weather events, consumption behaviors and policies, resulting in higher costs
- Changes in refrigerant pricing and supply volumes affecting costs and availability
- Changes in consumer demand for low carbon products and services
- Changes in demand for gasoline and automotive replacement parts (e.g., motor oil) due to shifts in transportation technology mix (e.g., rising penetration of electric vehicles)
- Prolonged climate-related events affecting macroeconomic conditions with knock-on effects on consumer spending and confidence
- Changes in investment preference towards companies with environmental and emissions performance

Approaches to managing risk
- Monitoring market trends
- Emission and energy reduction initiatives; energy efficiency, renewables, phasing out of HFC refrigerants, transitioning to zero emission vehicles
- Scenario modeling as part of energy/emissions opex and capex planning
- Closely monitoring consumer trends
- Report climate and environmental performance to investors
Reputation	
Relevant, always included
Reputation is an important consideration for Walmart. Our corporate affairs teams continuously monitor reputational risks and opportunities. We take stakeholder perspectives (e.g., views of our customers, investors, associates) into account when developing our approach to climate issues. Examples of reputational risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:
Examples
- Customer perception of climate issues and Walmart’s climate action, including how we design and run our stores and the products we offer, affecting customer loyalty
- Stakeholder perception of Walmart’s response to climate-related crisis (e.g., hurricanes, floods, fires, power outages) at community and national levels
- Stakeholder perception of our engagement in climate-related policies, affecting license to operate
- Associate perception of Walmart climate action and management of climate-related issues, affecting our ability to recruit and retain talent

Approaches to managing risk
- Monitoring customer, investor and stakeholder sentiment via digital and traditional media engagement and coverage
- Engaging regularly with stakeholders to understand and address their perspectives, build awareness regarding climate strategy into communications and marketing initiatives
- Continuously improving Walmart capabilities in climate mitigation and adaptation
Acute physical	
Relevant, always included
To inform the company’s climate mitigation and adaptation strategies, Walmart periodically conducts a scenario-based climate risk assessment, aiming to align with the scenario guidance set forth by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD). We updated the physical risk analysis in 2020 with the help of a third-party consultant, considering climate-related risks in the short-, medium- and long-terms. To assess physical risk, we used representative concentration pathway (RCP) 8.5, a scenario that assumes the absence of further decarbonization on the planet. We analyzed the impact of five associated climate effects—flood (riverine and coastal), heat, drought, extreme precipitation and extreme winds—across five key geographies (Canada, China, India, Mexico and the United States) for 2030 and 2050. We evaluated direct impacts of climate change on Walmart’s physical assets (retail stores and retail-related facilities), supply chain and communities.

We modeled the potential impact of several climate variables on Walmart U.S. store communities: flooding (from either coastal or riverine sources), extreme wind (e.g., hurricanes) and heat. Our analysis suggests that ~50% of communities currently served by Walmart U.S. facilities may face significant, long-term disruption by 2050. If these areas become less inhabitable, people could be forced to relocate – creating challenges to physical, financial, and emotional well-being for our customers and associates, not to mention potentially requiring shifts to our store and e-commerce footprint. A community’s financial well-being may deteriorate due to loss of jobs and homes after a hurricane, and in some vulnerable U.S. counties, there could be an up to 230% increase in household power costs.
Examples include:
- Increased heating and cooling cost
- Damage to buildings and inventory
- 11 commodities (avocados, animal feed, milk, oranges, rice, coffee, cocoa, cotton, beer hops, almonds and shrimp) considered at risk from climate change
- Commodity shortages due to temporary or permanent yield reductions (e.g., coffee, cotton and cocoa)
- Disruption in production and distribution of products reliant on agriculture (e.g., cotton textiles)
- Displaced associates and customers, reducing proximity to retail stores
- Physical and mental health impacts
- Financial well-being
Chronic physical	
Relevant, always included
Our climate effects assessment includes chronic physical risks such as temperature changes due to climate change. For example, the gradual increase or decrease in temperature could affect our energy costs by requiring our air conditioning and refrigeration systems to work harder or longer – using more energy to maintain comfortable temperatures in our facilities. We also analyze the potential climate exposure of commodities. For the 11 commodities that face the highest overall impact from climate change, we assessed three factors: land suitability, farming conditions for animal products and heat stress for workers.

Chronic physical risks are included in the company’s climate-related risks assessments.

Examples of chronic physical risks that could impact Walmart’s climate-related risk profile include:

Retail stores and retail-related facilities
- Increased heating and cooling cost

Supply chain
- Commodity shortages due to temporary or permanent yield reductions (e.g., coffee, cotton, and cocoa)

Communities
- Displaced associates and customers
- Financial well-being
C2.3
(C2.3) Have you identified any inherent climate-related risks with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
Yes
C2.3a
(C2.3a) Provide details of risks identified with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business.
Identifier
Risk 1
Where in the value chain does the risk driver occur?
Upstream
Risk type & Primary climate-related risk driver
Chronic physical	Changing precipitation patterns and types (rain, hail, snow/ice)
Primary potential financial impact
Increased direct costs
Climate risk type mapped to traditional financial services industry risk classification
<Not Applicable>
Company-specific description
Many of the products that Walmart sells come from nature or depend on ingredients derived from nature. World Economic Forum (WEF) research estimates that $44 trillion of economic value generation—more than half of the world’s total GDP—is moderately or highly dependent on nature and its services.
Working with a third-party consultant, Walmart conducted a climate risk analysis to understand the potential long-term impacts on our business. One of the outcomes this modeling showed was the potential drop in yields and therefore potential increase in cost of certain commodities, like cotton, due to climate effects such as drought. Two scenarios were used for this modeling: business as usual and a 2-degree scenario.
Time horizon
Medium-term
Likelihood
About as likely as not
Magnitude of impact
Low
Are you able to provide a potential financial impact figure?
Yes, a single figure estimate
Potential financial impact figure (currency)
2.7
Potential financial impact figure – minimum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Potential financial impact figure – maximum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Explanation of financial impact figure
Under a 2-degree scenario, the modeling showed that close to 80% of a cotton growing region could be under medium to extremely high-water stress. In the absence of substitutions or other countervailing factors, such water stress could lead to an increase in price of cotton due to reduced crop yield, and hence an increase in the cost of goods relying on cotton as raw material.
Under such assumptions, modeling estimated a 2.7% increase (vs. 2017 figures) in the cost of the cotton commodity as an input to apparel and soft home goods Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) in 2030.
Cost of response to risk
0
Description of response and explanation of cost calculation
Climate effects are just one set of factors considered by our merchants and global sourcing teams in managing the Walmart assortment. For example, shifting customer preferences, textile and garment manufacturing innovation, trade regulations and dynamics, and many other factors can have as much or more influence as climate effects on commodity supply, demand, and costs. It is hard to predict the impact of any one factor, especially far into the future. As described in our ESG issue briefs, our merchants engage suppliers and many others to strengthen the resilience of Walmart product supply chains to mitigate and adapt to a wide range of external factors.
Comment
n/a
C2.4
(C2.4) Have you identified any climate-related opportunities with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business?
Yes
C2.4a
(C2.4a) Provide details of opportunities identified with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on your business.
Identifier
Opp1
Where in the value chain does the opportunity occur?
Downstream
Opportunity type
Products and services
Primary climate-related opportunity driver
Shift in consumer preferences
Primary potential financial impact
Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for products and services
Company-specific description
Consumers have begun to show interest in innovative, lower-carbon product choices across a range of categories from food to electronics, as long as the products meet their needs for affordability, quality, and functional features. We have an opportunity to offer our customers a greater assortment of such products, which we believe over time can help drive sales growth as well as enhance customer loyalty. As a result, this opportunity could have a substantive impact on our business.
Time horizon
Medium-term
Likelihood
More likely than not
Magnitude of impact
Low
Are you able to provide a potential financial impact figure?
Yes, a single figure estimate
Potential financial impact figure (currency)
120000
Potential financial impact figure – minimum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Potential financial impact figure – maximum (currency)
<Not Applicable>
Explanation of financial impact figure
Estimated sales from two plant-based protein brands sold at a limited number of stores. The figure indicates potential upside from testing and then expanding distribution of lower-carbon product choices across Walmart points of sale.
Cost to realize opportunity
0
Strategy to realize opportunity and explanation of cost calculation
Strategy includes sourcing innovative, lower-carbon options from suppliers and incorporating into on-shelf assortment or online through e-commerce or as a Marketplace seller item. No extraordinary capex or opex required beyond current merchandising and sourcing practices and approaches to cost of goods sold (COGS). Our climate strategy includes adapting our operations and sourcing to enhance resilience in the face of factors related to climate change, including warming, drought, and extreme weather events.
Comment
n/a
C3. Business Strategy
C3.1
(C3.1) Does your organization’s strategy include a climate transition plan that aligns with a 1.5°C world?
Row 1
Climate transition plan
Yes, we have a climate transition plan which aligns with a 1.5°C world
Publicly available climate transition plan
Yes
Mechanism by which feedback is collected from shareholders on your climate transition plan
We have a different feedback mechanism in place
Description of feedback mechanism
We engage with shareholders on ESG issues, including climate transition, in several ways, including:

Formal Communications: Quarterly and annual earnings materials, Forms 10-Q, Forms 10-K and annual reports, proxy statements, ESG reporting and news releases.
Live Events: We engage with shareholders during our annual and quarterly earnings release calls, investment community meetings, participation in investor conferences, our annual shareholders’ meeting, and ESG-focused webinars. These typically involve question-and-answer sessions.
Shareholder Outreach Programs: Shareholder outreach is conducted to discuss corporate governance, executive compensation and other matters related to Walmart’s enterprise strategy. Since our 2022 Annual Shareholders' Meeting, we have engaged 35 institutional shareholders were invited, including many of our largest investors, to participate in our outreach program and ultimately engaged with shareholders representing approximately 39% of our public float. We also had conversations with the leading proxy advisory firms.
One-on-One Engagement: Discussions and written interactions with individual institutional investors—at their request—on topics of interest, including ESG topics.

The ESG team also regularly engages with ESG analysts and researchers that prepare ESG ratings that shareholders and others use to assess Walmart’s ESG performance. These specialists offer diverse perspectives that inform our initiatives. In these communications, we discuss Walmart’s strategy, governance practices, compliance programs and other ESG-related matters.
Frequency of feedback collection
More frequently than annually
Attach any relevant documents which detail your climate transition plan (optional)
Explain why your organization does not have a climate transition plan that aligns with a 1.5°C world and any plans to develop one in the future
<Not Applicable>
Explain why climate-related risks and opportunities have not influenced your strategy
<Not Applicable>
C3.2
(C3.2) Does your organization use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy?
Use of climate-related scenario analysis to inform strategy	Primary reason why your organization does not use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy	Explain why your organization does not use climate-related scenario analysis to inform its strategy and any plans to use it in the future
Row 1	
Yes, qualitative and quantitative
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C3.2a
(C3.2a) Provide details of your organization’s use of climate-related scenario analysis.
Climate-related scenario	Scenario analysis coverage	Temperature alignment of scenario	Parameters, assumptions, analytical choices
Physical climate scenarios	RCP 8.5
Other, please specify (Commodity, Physical Asset, and Community coverage)
<Not Applicable>
In 2020, Walmart used representative concentration pathway (RCP) 8.5 to assess physical risk. RCP 8.5 is a scenario that assumes the absence of further decarbonization on the planet. We analyzed the impact of five associated climate effects—flood (riverine and coastal), heat, drought, extreme precipitation and extreme winds—across five key geographies (Canada, China, India, Mexico and the United States) for 2030 and 2050. We evaluated direct impacts of climate change on Walmart’s physical assets (retail stores and retail-related facilities), supply chain and communities.

Insights provided by the climate risk assessment help us set long-term strategy and drive innovation.
Retail
The climate risk assessment identified variables that would affect Walmart’s facilities over the next three decades: flooding and extreme storms, with potential damage to buildings and inventory; and temperature changes, which the modeling suggests could increase heating and cooling costs in two-thirds of Walmart locations by 2030 and 80% of locations by 2050—underscoring the relevance of Walmart energy initiatives and other mitigation and adaptation initiatives.

Supply Chain
By 2050, climate change would affect the production, distribution and (in some cases) the viability of food and other consumer products that depend on agriculture. We analyzed the potential climate exposure of 25 commodities. For the 11 commodities that would face the highest overall impact from climate change, we assessed three factors: land suitability, farming conditions for animal products and heat stress for people. The analysis suggested that some commodities (e.g., coffee, cocoa and cotton) may face significant challenges due to future climate effects while others (e.g., avocados, animal feed, milk, oranges and rice) may remain largely unaffected.

Communities
We modeled the potential impact of several climate variables on Walmart U.S. store communities: flooding (from either coastal or riverine sources), heat and extreme wind (e.g., hurricanes). Our analysis suggests that ~50% of communities currently served by Walmart U.S. facilities may face significant, long-term disruption by 2050 under this scenario. If these areas become less habitable, people could be forced to relocate—creating challenges to physical, financial and emotional well-being for our customers and associates, and potentially require shifts to our store and eCommerce footprint.
Transition scenarios	IEA 450
Company-wide
<Not Applicable>
In 2017, we conducted an assessment with an independent third-party consultant using the International Energy Agency (IEA)’s World Energy Outlook (WEO) 450ppm Scenario (IEA450) to understand the risk associated with certain regulatory carbon pricing schemes. The scenario analysis was run for the 2030 and 2050 time horizons. The analysis suggests that increased global regulations related to carbon tax, cap-and-trade regimes, and GHG emissions limits could impact Walmart’s operating expenses.
C3.2b
(C3.2b) Provide details of the focal questions your organization seeks to address by using climate-related scenario analysis, and summarize the results with respect to these questions.
Row 1
Focal questions
Walmart’s 2020 physical risk analysis has the following focal questions:

What is the direct impact of climate change on Walmart’s physical assets?

What is the direct impact of climate change on Walmart’s supply chain?

What is the direct impact of climate change on Walmart’s communities?
Results of the climate-related scenario analysis with respect to the focal questions
Physical – Walmart’s climate risk assessment identified variables that—under the RCP 8.5 scenario—would be likely to affect the company’s facilities over the next three decades: flooding and extreme storms, with potential damage to buildings and inventory; and temperature changes, which the modeling suggests could increase heating and cooling costs in two-thirds of Walmart locations by 2030 and 80% of locations by 2050. To control expenses in the face of a warming climate (while also mitigating emissions), we have prioritized incorporating energy efficiency into new store designs and upgrading older equipment where economically feasible with higher-efficiency technology. For example, we have installed energy meters at thousands of our facilities around the world and aim to equip all U.S. stores with this technology by the end of FY2024.

Supply Chain – Walmart analyzed the potential climate exposure of 25 commodities in its supply chain. For the 11 goods that face the highest overall impact from climate change under the scenario, Walmart assessed three factors: land suitability, farming conditions for animal products and heat stress for people. The analysis suggested that some commodities (e.g., coffee, cocoa and cotton) may face significant challenges due to future climate effects, while others (e.g., avocados, animal feed, milk, oranges and rice) may remain largely unaffected. Walmart's global sourcing team, leveraging our climate risk assessment of various products, works with merchants to build a resilient global network of supply, identifying source geographies of excellence for product categories.

Communities – Walmart modeled the potential impact of several climate variables on its U.S. store communities under the scenario: flooding (from either coastal or riverine sources), extreme wind (e.g., hurricanes) and heat. Walmart’s analysis suggests that ~50% of communities currently served by the company’s U.S. facilities may face significant, long-term disruption by 2050. If these areas become less habitable, people could be forced to relocate—creating challenges to physical, financial and emotional well-being for Walmart customers and associates, and potentially requiring shifts to the company’s store and eCommerce footprint. When designing facilities in storm-prone locations, we incorporate certain precautionary measures. For example, given the probability of storms impacting stores in the U.S. Gulf Coast and along the Eastern Seaboard, nearly all stores within a certain range of the coast have a generator or quick connects for mobile generators. Mobile generators kept stores, clubs, and distribution centers powered for more than 8,300 hours while grid electricity was unavailable in 2022.
C3.3
(C3.3) Describe where and how climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced your strategy.
Have climate-related risks and opportunities influenced your strategy in this area?	Description of influence
Products and services	
Yes
Climate-related risks have led Walmart to prioritize efforts to enhance the sustainability of its products and services with a focus not only on lowering emissions from the products we sell but also reducing waste (an emissions driver) and enhancing natural capital (a known climate solution). Our efforts include:
Policies and Standards: To supplement our Standards for Suppliers, Walmart has developed sourcing policies and guidelines for specific categories and issues. We use these to encourage our suppliers to adopt best practices and clarify our expectations relevant to priority sustainability issues. Additionally, we also have a Sustainable Row Crop Position Statement and Forests Policy that are focused on regenerative agriculture and preventing deforestation.
Certifications: Based on input from our NGO partners, we ask our suppliers to certify that particular commodities such as palm oil, tuna, and coffee have been produced with specific certifications. Certifications help certifying organizations communicate to consumers that certain environmental or social practices deep in supply chains (e.g., farm or fishery) meet the certifying organization’s standards and preserving and regenerating natural ecosystems are important tools with the ability to mitigate climate impacts at gigaton-scale globally.
Identification of more sustainably designed products for consumers: We try to make shopping easier for customers looking for affordable, healthier options, Walmart has developed an online shopping destination—called “Built for Better”—that highlights products that meet independent and authoritative standards for promoting personal well-being and reducing impact on the environmental including Energy Star Certified, Rainforest Alliance Certified, and others.
Developing new services to support communities: In 2021, Walmart contracted to purchase additional renewable energy, including 50 MW of a 129 MW community solar project in New York that will supply renewable energy to 36 facilities and we are investing in clean energy infrastructure in the U.S. to make electric vehicle (EV) ownership more accessible, reliable, convenient and affordable for our customers. Additionally, by 2030, we aim to build our own EV fast charging network at thousands of Walmart and Sam’s Club locations coast to coast.
Supply chain and/or value chain	
Yes
Climate-related risks have led Walmart to establish Project Gigaton to engage partners in our value chain. Project Gigaton is an ambitious effort to engage suppliers, NGOs and other stakeholders in climate action with a goal to reduce or avoid one billion metric tons (a gigaton) of greenhouse gas emissions in the global value chain by 2030. Project Gigaton is focused on the six pillars - energy, transport, packaging, waste, nature and product design - because they represent meaningful opportunities to avoid upstream and downstream greenhouse gas emissions across numerous product categories. We are focused on this in the short to medium term, with Project Gigaton’s goal being to 2030.

Key highlights from Project Gigaton include: >5,200 suppliers reporting. Reporting from suppliers representing ~75% of U.S. product net sales >750 MMT cumulative emissions reduced or avoided (2017 through FY23). Our merchants use a variety of tools to manage volatility and surety of supply day-to-day. Our sourcing teams manage food commodity supply risks by building upstream capacity, diversifying our sourcing regions and exploring new technology and innovation. As another example, our merchants use predictive weather data to adjust product deployment and replenishment rates in the short term, as well as leverage historical data on sales performance and customer buying patterns to inform product assortment shifts over time, to help ensure that as climate changes we continue to offer the right products for our customers at the right time. We believe that we can create a competitive advantage by preparing for and mitigating sourcing and surety of supply risk better than the competition.
Investment in R&D	
Yes
We believe multiple technologies will play a role in decarbonizing transportation. Because ready solutions do not exist, we allocated net proceeds from our Green Bond to test new technologies for feasibility and scaling. For example, Walmart has worked with Plug Power Inc. to scale the use of hydrogen- powered forklifts throughout distribution centers in the United States, growing our fleet from a pilot run of 50 forklifts in 2012 to over 9,500 today.

Additionally, we support the development of technologies aimed at decarbonizing long-haul/heavy duty Class 8 tractors and yard trucks by participating in feasibility testing and providing feedback to manufacturers to ensure vehicle technology meets the needs of Walmart’s fleet and other large fleets. Examples of this are noted above in the transportation section.
Operations	
Yes
Examples we are taking in the short to medium term include:

More sustainable facilities: We have implemented programs to help ensure we achieve our emissions targets in our operations, including investments in energy optimization initiatives such as installing LED lighting and energy management system, installing more efficient HVAC and increasing our use of more sustainable refrigerants. An example is our effort to phase out high-GWP refrigerant gases, including HFCs, to refrigerant gases with low- and ultra-low GWP for new systems as they become commercially viable. In the United States, we operate more than 200 facilities that fully or in-part utilize ultra-low GWP refrigerants. In new stores, we are also transitioning to more sustainable refrigeration in our store design.

Energy generation / procurement:
Onsite generation: As of the end of 2021, we had more than 600 onsite and offsite renewable energy projects in operation or under development in over 10 countries.
PPAs: In 2021, we contracted to purchase additional renewable energy, including 50 MW of a 129 MW community solar project in New York that will supply renewable energy to 36 facilities.
Clean energy investments: In 2021, Walmart invested in Bay Tree Solar, which has been operational since January 2022 and is expected to produce over 150,000 megawatt hours of electricity annually.
Policy advocacy: We participate in and support coalitions to help shape renewable energy policies and advance cost-effective more sustainable options in the regions where we operate.

Transportation:
Some examples we are focused on in the short-term include:

Walmart Canada reserved 130 electric Tesla Semi trucks.
In January 2023, we placed our first all-electric Class 8 truck into service in the U.S.

We utilize multiple electric yard trucks with a plan to increase the number of these trucks in operation by the end of 2023.

We are also seeking to electrify our last-mile offerings to customers. In 2022, Walmart U.S. began deploying 1,100 Ford E-Transit electric vans, and aims to complete this deployment in 2023. Walmart U.S. also announced an agreement with Canoo in 2022 to reserve the option to purchase 4,500 all-electric delivery vehicles over the next five years. These vehicles will be part of our growing last-mile delivery fleet.
C3.4
(C3.4) Describe where and how climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced your financial planning.
Financial planning elements that have been influenced	Description of influence
Row 1	
Direct costs
Capital allocation
To address the chronic physical risks Walmart faces with regards to increased heating and cooling costs, we are focused on clean energy initiatives and other mitigation and adaptation efforts. Our energy efficiency strategy, which may mitigate increased energy costs, is an example of this and includes facility retrofits.

In the short to medium term, we expect to allocate funds to incorporate energy efficiency into new store designs by implementing low Global Warming Potential (GWP) systems. Most of our facilities use higher-GWP systems prevalent at the time of construction. As our equipment ages and is retired from service, we are replacing it with lower GWP alternatives, balancing the investment and replacement schedule with our zero emissions commitments. We anticipate flat or a slightly higher onsite refrigerant emissions until more of this equipment is converted. We are also installing low GWP systems in new facilities and facility expansions.

In the United States, for example, we operate more than 200 facilities that fully or in-part utilize ultra-low GWP refrigerants including carbon dioxide (CO2), glycol and ammonia. These systems are used in new construction where commercially available. For example, in November 2021, we opened a store in Yaphank, New York that is the first to fully utilize CO2 technology for the store’s refrigeration needs. We are also utilizing lower GWP systems in our international stores and clubs, including in Canada, Central America, China, and Mexico.
C3.5
(C3.5) In your organization’s financial accounting, do you identify spending/revenue that is aligned with your organization’s climate transition?
Identification of spending/revenue that is aligned with your organization’s climate transition	Indicate the level at which you identify the alignment of your spending/revenue with a sustainable finance taxonomy
Row 1	
No, and we do not plan to in the next two years
<Not Applicable>
C4. Targets and performance
C4.1
(C4.1) Did you have an emissions target that was active in the reporting year?
Absolute target
C4.1a
(C4.1a) Provide details of your absolute emissions target(s) and progress made against those targets.
Target reference number
Abs 2
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, and this target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative
Target ambition
1.5°C aligned
Year target was set
2020
Target coverage
Company-wide
Scope(s)
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 2 accounting method
Market-based
Scope 3 category(ies)
<Not Applicable>
Base year
2015
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
5523430
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
13039908
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e)
18563338
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 1
100
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 2
100
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories)
<Not Applicable>
Base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes as % of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes
100
Target year
2030
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
65
Total emissions in target year covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e) [auto-calculated]
Scope 1 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
7880866
Scope 2 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
6740036
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total Scope 3 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total emissions in reporting year covered by target in all selected scopes (metric tons CO2e)
14620902
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
No, it does not cover any land-related emissions (e.g. non-FLAG SBT)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
Walmart has a science-based target to reduce absolute global scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions 35% by 2025 and 65% by 2030 from 2015 base year. We also have a zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040 goal. Consistent with the GHG Protocol, Walmart has excluded emissions for divested markets in both the year of divestiture and the base year. In adherence with the GHG Protocol, we excluded the following previous reporting year divestitures from the baseline and current year emissions: Walmart Brazil, Walmart Argentina, ASDA, and Seiyu.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
To further progress toward this goal, we aim to use similar strategies to our other interim target. Our approach focuses on reducing refrigerants and energy use in existing systems, preventing future performance issues through new equipment designs and transitioning to low-GWP refrigerants in new and existing systems. In addition, we are working to transition long-haul/heavy-duty Class 8 tractors, where the technology is still in early stages and infrastructure to support these vehicles is currently not in place. To overcome this barrier, we will work with trusted equipment manufacturers and others on testing solutions. We have already started piloting vehicles in the U.S. using some of these technologies. For example, we have worked with Thermo King to haul Walmart’s first-ever refrigerated trailer operated on electricity in the US. In 2023, Walmart has plans to test several electric and hydrogen fuel powered Class 8 vehicles in its operation.
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
Target reference number
Abs 1
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, and this target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative
Target ambition
1.5°C aligned
Year target was set
2020
Target coverage
Company-wide
Scope(s)
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 2 accounting method
Market-based
Scope 3 category(ies)
<Not Applicable>
Base year
2015
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
5523430
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
13039908
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e)
18563338
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 1
100
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 2
100
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories)
<Not Applicable>
Base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes as % of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes
100
Target year
2025
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
35
Total emissions in target year covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e) [auto-calculated]
Scope 1 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
7880866
Scope 2 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
6740036
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total Scope 3 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total emissions in reporting year covered by target in all selected scopes (metric tons CO2e)
14620902
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
No, it does not cover any land-related emissions (e.g. non-FLAG SBT)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
Walmart has a science-based target to reduce absolute global scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions 35% by 2025 and 65% by 2030 from 2015 base year. We also have a zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040 goal. Between our 2015 calendar year baseline and 2021 we reduced our absolute scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 21.24%, which is tracked against our SBTi1.5oC target to achieve a 35% reduction in operations by 2025 as well as our 65% by 2035 goal. Consistent with the GHG Protocol, Walmart has excluded emissions for divested markets in both the year of divestiture and the base year. In adherence with the GHG Protocol, we excluded the following previous reporting year divestitures from the baseline and current year emissions: Walmart Brazil, Walmart Argentina, ASDA, and Seiyu.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
To continue to move toward our science-based target, we continue to work toward reducing our emissions through five primary workstreams:

• Renewable energy
• Energy efficiency
• Transportation
• Stationary fuels
• Onsite refrigerants

While the relative contribution of each workstream toward emissions reductions will vary over time based on operational, financial, and technological considerations, they all matter for us to achieve our zero-emissions ambition and interim targets. [https://corporate.walmart.com/esgreport/environmental/climate-change#mitigation]
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
Target reference number
Abs 3
Is this a science-based target?
Yes, and this target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative
Target ambition
2°C aligned
Year target was set
2017
Target coverage
Other, please specify (Supply Chain Engagement both inside and outside of the upstream value chain )
Scope(s)
Scope 3
Scope 2 accounting method
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3 category(ies)
Other (upstream)
Base year
2015
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1000000000
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
1000000000
Total base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e)
1000000000
Base year Scope 1 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 1
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 2 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 2
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Category 15: Investments (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (upstream) (metric tons CO2e)
100
Base year Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3, Other (downstream) (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Base year total Scope 3 emissions covered by target as % of total base year emissions in Scope 3 (in all Scope 3 categories)
100
Base year emissions covered by target in all selected Scopes as % of total base year emissions in all selected Scopes
100
Target year
2030
Targeted reduction from base year (%)
100
Total emissions in target year covered by target in all selected Scopes (metric tons CO2e) [auto-calculated]
Scope 1 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 2 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased goods and services emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 2: Capital goods emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 5: Waste generated in operations emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 6: Business travel emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 7: Employee commuting emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 8: Upstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 10: Processing of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 13: Downstream leased assets emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 14: Franchises emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Category 15: Investments emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Scope 3, Other (upstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
175000000
Scope 3, Other (downstream) emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Total Scope 3 emissions in reporting year covered by target (metric tons CO2e)
175000000
Total emissions in reporting year covered by target in all selected scopes (metric tons CO2e)
175000000
Does this target cover any land-related emissions?
Yes, it covers land-related and non-land related emissions (e.g. SBT approved before the release of FLAG target-setting guidance)
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
Project Gigaton encourages suppliers to set goals and take action across six action areas (pillars) that are among the most critical for mitigating emissions in product supply chains, as well as relevant to our suppliers’ businesses: energy use, nature, waste, packaging, transportation, and product use and design (see table below).

For each pillar/action area, we worked with WWF and EDF to develop emissions “calculators” that suggest opportunities for emissions reduction and avoidance as well as help suppliers calculate the emissions impact of their initiatives (e.g., transitioning factory energy supply from fossil fuels to renewables; altering packaging material).

We have refined our pillars/action areas over time to help improve relevance, increase comprehensiveness, and facilitate adoption.

Because Walmart does not restrict suppliers to reporting only on emissions avoidance and reduction efforts that are attributable to the suppliers’ business with Walmart, actions taken and reported through Project Gigaton cannot be used to measure Walmart’s Scope 3 emissions, either absolutely or in year-over-year reductions.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
Since launching in 2017, participating suppliers have reported more than 750 MMT of cumulative emissions reduced, avoided, or sequestered through initiatives focused on decarbonizing product value chains—ahead of pace to achieve the 2030 goal. In Walmart's FY2023, more than 3,000 suppliers reported having reduced, avoided, or sequestered more than 175 MMT of CO2e.
List the emissions reduction initiatives which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
C4.2
(C4.2) Did you have any other climate-related targets that were active in the reporting year?
Target(s) to increase low-carbon energy consumption or production
Other climate-related target(s)
C4.2a
(C4.2a) Provide details of your target(s) to increase low-carbon energy consumption or production.
Target reference number
Low 1
Year target was set
2016
Target coverage
Company-wide
Target type: energy carrier
Electricity
Target type: activity
Consumption
Target type: energy source
Renewable energy source(s) only
Base year
2015
Consumption or production of selected energy carrier in base year (MWh)
29653843
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in base year
5.73
Target year
2035
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in target year
100
% share of low-carbon or renewable energy in reporting year
29.39
% of target achieved relative to base year [auto-calculated]
Target status in reporting year
Underway
Is this target part of an emissions target?
Increasing the amount of renewable electricity used is part of our plan to achieve our emissions reduction targets.
Is this target part of an overarching initiative?
RE100
Please explain target coverage and identify any exclusions
The target is to power 50% of our global operations with renewable sources of energy by 2025 and 100% by 2035.
Plan for achieving target, and progress made to the end of the reporting year
Our strategy involves both increasing efficiency and replacing non-renewable sources of energy with renewable sources. We are actively looking for cost-effective projects to meet our 100% RE target by 2035 goal through various mechanisms (Onsite, Offsite, and utility procured projects).
We continue to work on our energy efficiency measures, reducing the electricity required for our consumption. Our energy efficiency strategy includes both new facility design and construction and retrofitting existing facilities: - We are incorporating efficiency into new store designs in lighting, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), refrigeration and other categories such as plug loads. As our existing buildings and equipment age, we aim to replace or upgrade older equipment with the latest in high-efficiency technology. We use technology to monitor and optimize energy use in our buildings, and have installed energy meters at thousands of our facilities around the world. This allows energy managers to monitor energy consumption in almost real time at our retail stores and distribution centers. This data is used in several ways, including compiling monthly store reports, triggering variance alarms, diagnosing equipment problems and validating performance of new equipment tests.
List the actions which contributed most to achieving this target
<Not Applicable>
C4.2b
(C4.2b) Provide details of any other climate-related targets, including methane reduction targets.
C4.3
(C4.3) Did you have emissions reduction initiatives that were active within the reporting year? Note that this can include those in the planning and/or implementation phases.
Yes
C4.3a
(C4.3a) Identify the total number of initiatives at each stage of development, and for those in the implementation stages, the estimated CO2e savings.
Number of initiatives	Total estimated annual CO2e savings in metric tonnes CO2e (only for rows marked *)
Under investigation	
0
0
To be implemented*	
1
49096
Implementation commenced*	
1
17320
Implemented*	
1
673
Not to be implemented	
0
0
C4.3b
(C4.3b) Provide details on the initiatives implemented in the reporting year in the table below.
Initiative category & Initiative type
Energy efficiency in buildings	Lighting
Estimated annual CO2e savings (metric tonnes CO2e)
673
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies) where emissions savings occur
Scope 2 (location-based)
Scope 2 (market-based)
Voluntary/Mandatory
Voluntary
Annual monetary savings (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
Investment required (unit currency – as specified in C0.4)
Payback period
Please select
Estimated lifetime of the initiative
11-15 years
Comment
C4.3c
(C4.3c) What methods do you use to drive investment in emissions reduction activities?
Method	Comment
Other
Walmart has made purchase commitments for electric vehicles, which we believe helps provide financial support by providing a demand signal for
electric vehicles. We believe that commitments to invest in electric vehicles in the early stages is important to providing the financial support
necessary to continue innovating. For example, the Walmart U.S. business has committed to order 4,500 Canoo electric delivery vans.
C4.5
(C4.5) Do you classify any of your existing goods and/or services as low-carbon products?
Yes
C4.5a
(C4.5a) Provide details of your products and/or services that you classify as low-carbon products.
Level of aggregation
Group of products or services
Taxonomy used to classify product(s) or service(s) as low-carbon
The IEA Energy Technology Perspectives Clean Energy Technology Guide
Type of product(s) or service(s)
Lighting	Conventional LED
Description of product(s) or service(s)
Walmart sells Conventional LED light bulbs, which are classified as low carbon under the IEA energy technology perspectives Clean Energy Technology Guide. For example, Walmart sells private brand conventional LED light bulbs marketed under the “Great Value” label.
Have you estimated the avoided emissions of this low-carbon product(s) or service(s)
Yes
Methodology used to calculate avoided emissions
Estimating and Reporting the Comparative Emissions Impacts of Products (WRI)
Life cycle stage(s) covered for the low-carbon product(s) or services(s)
Use stage
Functional unit used
Kg CO2
Reference product/service or baseline scenario used
Incandescent light bulb
Life cycle stage(s) covered for the reference product/service or baseline scenario
Use stage
Estimated avoided emissions (metric tons CO2e per functional unit) compared to reference product/service or baseline scenario
110782302
Explain your calculation of avoided emissions, including any assumptions
Walmart estimated the avoided emissions for the use phase part of the total lifecycle for LED lighting sold in the reporting year as compared to an incandescent light as a reference product.
Revenue generated from low-carbon product(s) or service(s) as % of total revenue in the reporting year
0.06
C5. Emissions methodology
C5.1
(C5.1) Is this your first year of reporting emissions data to CDP?
No
C5.1a
(C5.1a) Has your organization undergone any structural changes in the reporting year, or are any previous structural changes being accounted for in this disclosure of emissions data?
Row 1
Has there been a structural change?
No
Name of organization(s) acquired, divested from, or merged with
<Not Applicable>
Details of structural change(s), including completion dates
<Not Applicable>
C5.1b
(C5.1b) Has your emissions accounting methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition changed in the reporting year?
Change(s) in methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition?	Details of methodology, boundary, and/or reporting year definition change(s)
Row 1	
Yes, a change in methodology
We have updated our internal carbon accounting methodology to reflect current methods of estimation in Scopes 1 and 2.
C5.1c
(C5.1c) Have your organization’s base year emissions and past years’ emissions been recalculated as a result of any changes or errors reported in C5.1a and/or C5.1b?
Base year recalculation	Scope(s) recalculated	Base year emissions recalculation policy, including significance threshold	Past years’ recalculation
Row 1	
Yes
Scope 1
Scope 2, location-based
Scope 2, market-based
Per Walmart's CY2022 Greenhouse Gas Methodology, Walmart recalculates baseline emissions following changes in quantification methodologies, when known or apparent errors exceed 5% or, at the discretion of the reviewer for errors beneath a 5% threshold.
Yes
C5.2
(C5.2) Provide your base year and base year emissions.
Scope 1
Base year start
January 1 2015
Base year end
December 31 2015
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
5523430
Comment
Base year emissions adjusted for divestments of WMT Brazil in 2018, WMT Argentina in 2020, and ASDA and Seiyu in 2021. We also adjusted baseline emissions for Mexico recalculation.
Scope 2 (location-based)
Base year start
January 1 2015
Base year end
December 31 2015
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
13597792
Comment
Base year emissions adjusted for divestments of WMT Brazil in 2018, WMT Argentina in 2020, and ASDA and Seiyu in 2021. We also adjusted baseline emissions for Mexico recalculation.
Scope 2 (market-based)
Base year start
January 1 2015
Base year end
December 31 2015
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
13039908
Comment
Base year emissions adjusted for divestments of WMT Brazil in 2018, WMT Argentina in 2020, and ASDA and Seiyu in 2021. We also adjusted baseline emissions for Mexico recalculation.
Scope 3 category 1: Purchased goods and services
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
265940050
Comment
Scope 3 category 2: Capital goods
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
2943920
Comment
Scope 3 category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or 2)
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
3813057
Comment
Scope 3 category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
6558000
Comment
Scope 3 category 5: Waste generated in operations
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1395408
Comment
Scope 3 category 6: Business travel
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
50628
Comment
Scope 3 category 7: Employee commuting
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1695129
Comment
Scope 3 category 8: Upstream leased assets
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 10: Processing of sold products
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 11: Use of sold products
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 12: End of life treatment of sold products
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 13: Downstream leased assets
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
12083
Comment
Scope 3 category 14: Franchises
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3 category 15: Investments
Base year start
January 1 2022
Base year end
December 31 2022
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
1542075
Comment
Scope 3: Other (upstream)
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
Scope 3: Other (downstream)
Base year start
Base year end
Base year emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Comment
C5.3
(C5.3) Select the name of the standard, protocol, or methodology you have used to collect activity data and calculate emissions.
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard
C6. Emissions data
C6.1
(C6.1) What were your organization’s gross global Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e?
Reporting year
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
7880866
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Comment
Past year 1
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
7321837
Start date
January 1 2021
End date
December 31 2021
Comment
Updated for latest emission factors.
Past year 2
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
5523430
Start date
January 1 2015
End date
December 31 2015
Comment
Corrections for consumption data.
C6.2
(C6.2) Describe your organization’s approach to reporting Scope 2 emissions.
Row 1
​Scope 2, location-based​
We are reporting a Scope 2, location-based figure
Scope 2, market-based
We are reporting a Scope 2, market-based figure
Comment
C6.3
(C6.3) What were your organization’s gross global Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e?
Reporting year
Scope 2, location-based
9981536
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
6740036
Start date
January 1 2022
End date
December 31 2022
Comment
Past year 1
Scope 2, location-based
9747723
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
6717293
Start date
January 1 2021
End date
December 31 2021
Comment
Updated for latest emission factors.
Past year 2
Scope 2, location-based
13597792
Scope 2, market-based (if applicable)
13039908
Start date
January 1 2015
End date
December 31 2015
Comment
Corrections for consumption data.
C6.4
(C6.4) Are there any sources (e.g. facilities, specific GHGs, activities, geographies, etc.) of Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 emissions that are within your selected reporting boundary which are not included in your disclosure?
Yes
C6.4a
(C6.4a) Provide details of the sources of Scope 1, Scope 2, or Scope 3 emissions that are within your selected reporting boundary which are not included in your disclosure.
Source of excluded emissions
Various ecommerce initiatives
Scope(s) or Scope 3 category(ies)
Scope 1
Scope 2 (location-based)
Scope 2 (market-based)
Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
Emissions are not evaluated
Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
Emissions are not evaluated
Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
Emissions are not evaluated
Relevance of Scope 3 emissions from this source
<Not Applicable>
Date of completion of acquisition or merger
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 1+2 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Estimated percentage of total Scope 3 emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
Explain why this source is excluded
Walmart Inc. has expanded its eCommerce capabilities through various eCommerce acquisitions, strategic alliances and marketplaces. These initiatives will fall into our reporting boundary but are being excluded from emissions numbers until we have complete information to report.
Explain how you estimated the percentage of emissions this excluded source represents
<Not Applicable>
C6.5
(C6.5) Account for your organization’s gross global Scope 3 emissions, disclosing and explaining any exclusions.
Purchased goods and services
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
265940050
Emissions calculation methodology
Spend-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart calculated emissions from purchased goods and services using the spend-based method as outlined by the GHG Protocol’s Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions. Walmart performed this analysis using Calendar Year 2022 spend data for major markets including the United States, Mexico, Canada, and China. Calculations also included data on goods not for resale globally. To calculate emissions from purchased goods and services, Walmart gathered data on the amount each market spends across different categories of goods and services and multiplied this spend amount by the relevant emissions factor (in emissions / USD) from the US Environmental Protection Agency’s Environmentally Extended Input-Output (EEIO) model and the global warming potential as per the IPCC Global Warming Potential Factors. The emissions factors in the EEIO model accounts for the cradle-to-gate emissions required to produce one dollar of goods or services from that category. For markets where data is reported in a currency other than USD, a representative exchange rate is used to convert the spend data from the local currency to USD. The spend-based emissions factors were adjusted for inflation at the sector level due to the underlying EEIO data being based on 2012 Bureau of Economic Analysis data.
Capital goods
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
2943920
Emissions calculation methodology
Spend-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart calculated emissions from Capital Goods for Calendar Year 2022 spend consistent with the spend-based method from the GHG Protocol’s Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions. Walmart’s estimate was based on data related to General and Administrative Expenses (SG&A) pertaining to capital goods globally as well as Goods Not for Resale (GNFR) data for capital additions in Canada, China, Mexico, and the United States. To calculate emissions from capital goods, Walmart gathered data on the amount each market spends across different categories of goods and services and multiplied this spend amount by the relevant emissions factor (in emissions / USD) from the US Environmental Protection Agency’s Environmentally Extended Input-Output (EEIO) model and the global warming potential as per the IPCC Global Warming Potential Factors. The emissions factors in the EEIO model accounts for the cradle-to-gate emissions required to produce one dollar of goods or services from that category. For markets where data is reported in a currency other than USD, a representative exchange rate is used to convert the spend data from the local currency to USD. The spend-based emissions factors were adjusted for inflation at the sector level. Walmart determined the relevance for this category based on the factors set forth in the GHG Protocol.
Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or 2)
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
3813057
Emissions calculation methodology
Average data method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
100
Please explain
Walmart calculated fuel and energy related emissions for calendar year 2022 by multiplying the total electricity consumed in each country by the relevant country-specific emission factors for well-to-tank (WTT) and transmission and distribution (T&D) in accordance with the GHG Protocol Guidance. Walmart used country-specific emissions factors from the International Energy Agency’s 2023 release to calculate the emissions
from transmission and distribution losses associated with Walmart’s purchase of fuel and electricity. Walmart used the relevant well-to-tank emissions factors from the 2021 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting to calculate the upstream emissions generated by Walmart’s electricity consumption. Separately, well-to-tank calculations for non-electricity fuel and energy consumed were performed using global fuel consumption totals multiplied by the relevant well-to-tank emissions factors from the 2023 release of the UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting were used to calculate the upstream emissions generated by Walmart’s purchase of fuel or electricity.
Upstream transportation and distribution
Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
6558000
Emissions calculation methodology
Hybrid method
Distance-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
31.3
Please explain
Walmart estimated emissions for third party transportation globally paid for by Walmart using a combination of both Walmart and third-party carrier data with methods tailored to the specific data available. Certain third-party carriers provided data for the calculations by carrier of emissions for the calculation of emissions for air, sea, and associated land transportation globally. Emissions were calculated using the distance-based method for calculation with specific inputs and assumptions varying based on the carrier. Separately, emissions for Canada last mile delivery emissions were calculated based on primary data and with methods varying based upon available data. Walmart also utilized internal data sets including an internal dataset with transportation data containing the average distance an order travels, the average weight of an order, and the total number of orders. Further datasets were provided containing total weight and distance as well as transportation mode per delivery. Drayage data was also provided containing average trip mileage per market, the total number of containers, which each are a distinct trip, and the average weight of a full and empty container. Third party last-mile delivery data was provided with the monthly total number of deliveries and the average distance per delivery.
Emissions factors used included Ecoinvent, EPA SmartWay, and UK Government GHG Conversion Factors. Walmart developed a synthetic emissions factor for FedEx using the emissions divided by the (weight* distance) per mode of transport from a subset of FedEx primary data and applying that to Walmart’s internal data on FedEx provided transportation. Calculations performed on both internal and external data resulted in emissions that were summed to arrive at the reported value. Walmart determined the relevance for this category based on the factors set forth in the GHG Protocol.
Waste generated in operations
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1395408
Emissions calculation methodology
Waste-type-specific method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart estimated emissions from waste generated in our global operations across all markets for Calendar Year 2022. Walmart used the waste-type-specific method as outlined by the GHG Protocol’s Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions. Walmart mapped US EPA Emissions Factor Hub, Table 9 (2022) emissions factor waste-type specific data from Walmart waste data and calculated emissions by waste type. The disclosed value is the sum of emissions from all waste types.
Business travel
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
50628
Emissions calculation methodology
Distance-based method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
83
Please explain
Walmart calculated business travel emissions using internal and external data sources. Walmart sourced emissions estimates from its global travel booking provider for Air, Hotel, Car, and Rail activities booked through that agent for its global operations. In addition, internal activity data was used to estimate emissions from rental car travel for the United States market not booked through Walmart’s travel booking provider. Walmart’s travel booking provider uses methodologies and emissions factors from the UK Department for Environment Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA) supplemented for comprehensiveness. For internally sourced, Walmart US, rental car travel, Walmart calculated emissions using the distance-based method with miles traveled records from rental cars in CY22 associated with credit card transactions for those rental cars. Walmart used applicable EPA Emissions Factor Hub, Table 10 (2023) emissions factors. Calculations were performed by constituent gas (CO2, CH4, and N2O) and converted to CO2e using GWP factors aligned with the IPCC 6th Assessment GWP values.
Employee commuting
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1695129
Emissions calculation methodology
Average data method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart estimated employee commuting emissions for Walmart Inc associates in the following countries: the United States, Canada, China, Mexico, Chile, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and South Africa, which encompasses more than 99% of Walmart Inc associates globally. Walmart utilized company-specific associate headcount data and an average-data method consistent with the GHG Protocol’s Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions. Average secondary data, which included government census data (i.e. the American Community Survey, South Africa National Household Survey, etc.) and peer-reviewed studies, were obtained for estimates of the average daily commuting distances of employees, average modes of transport, and average number of commuting days per week and average number of weeks worked per year. The general calculation applied was the following, for each mode of transport: (total number of employees × % of employees using mode of transport × one-way commuting distance (vehicle-mi or passenger-mi) × 2 × working days per year × emission factor of transport mode (kg CO2e/vehicle-mi or kg CO2e/passenger-mi)). Walmart used Global Warming Potential factors aligned with the IPCC’s Fifth Assessment Report on Climate Change and the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s GHG Emissions Factors HUB (2022) to calculate passenger transport emissions.
Upstream leased assets
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
All identified upstream leased assets are within Walmart’s operational boundaries and included in Scopes 1 and 2 calculations. Category 8 includes emissions from the operation of assets that are leased by the reporting company in the reporting year and not already included in the reporting company’s scope 1 or scope 2 inventories.
Downstream transportation and distribution
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Under the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain Standard, Upstream Transportation is defined as all third-party transportation paid for by the reporting company. All third-party transportation has been paid for by Walmart and is included in the Upstream Transportation emissions inventory where not included in the Purchased Goods and Services emissions inventory. Therefore, Walmart does not have significant downstream transportation and distribution emissions.
Processing of sold products
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
This category is not applicable to Walmart. Walmart is primarily a retailer of final products rather than products that require further processing, transformation, or inclusion in another product before use. The GHG Protocol states that Category 10 “includes emissions from processing of sold intermediate products by third parties (e.g., manufacturers) subsequent to sale by the reporting company.” Under the GHG Protocol, intermediate products are products that require further processing, transformation, or inclusion in another product before use, and therefore result in emissions from processing after sale by the reporting company and before use by the end consumer. Walmart does not sell such products.
Use of sold products
Evaluation status
Relevant, not yet calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Emissions from the use of sold products are relevant to Walmart. In an effort to improve the accuracy and completeness of our Scope 3 footprint, Walmart is re-estimating its emissions for this category. Walmart’s approach to re-estimation attempts to utilize credible, and science-based Scope 3 accounting methodologies, in addition to new data sets and a robust process of quality control and assurance. At the time of reporting, that work was ongoing.
End of life treatment of sold products
Evaluation status
Relevant, not yet calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Category 12 includes emissions from the waste disposal and treatment of products sold by the reporting company (in the reporting year) at the end of their life. Walmart is working to ensure high quality mass data is available for this calculation consistent with the GHG protocol as well as to better understand customer disposal behavior patterns across its global footprint. This category is a noted area for future improvement.
Downstream leased assets
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
12083
Emissions calculation methodology
Average data method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart estimated emissions for real estate assets leased to entities outside of the Walmart U.S.'s operational control in the United States. Walmart leased or sub-leased 14 vacant buildings (e.g., closed stores) to tenants in Calendar Year 2022. The square footage of the leased real estate assets was multiplied by Walmart U.S. emissions intensity per 1,000 square feet based on the U.S. Scopes 1 and 2 inventory. The emissions factors assumes global warming potentials reflected in the IPCC AR5 Global Warming Potential Factors for consistency with the Walmart's Scopes 1 and 2 inventory.
Franchises
Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
The emissions from applicable franchises are presumed to be insignificant relative to Walmart’s other sources of Scope 3 emissions. Category 14 includes emissions from the operation of franchises not included in scope 1 or scope 2.
Investments
Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
1542075
Emissions calculation methodology
Average data method
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
0
Please explain
Walmart calculated investment emissions for a majority of Walmart's equity holdings that do not fall into Scope 1 based on the average-data method specified in the GHG Protocol’s Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions. These investments were selected based on their proportion in relation to Walmart’s overall holdings as well as the public availability of data. Investee revenue, the proportional share of equity in the investee, and emissions factors for the relevant sector of the investees were used to calculate the emissions from this category in CO2e. The general calculation applied was the following: (investee company total revenue ($) × emissions factor for investee's sector (kg CO2e/ unit of revenue) × share of equity (%)). The relevant emissions factors were obtained from Exiobase model, Exiobase 3 (2020), which is a peer reviewed model used in the analysis of environmental impacts associated with the final consumption of product groups. Investee revenue was obtained from publicly available financial filings or company reports. The data on the proportional share of equity in the investee was based on internal Walmart data.
Other (upstream)
Evaluation status
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
Other (downstream)
Evaluation status
Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e)
<Not Applicable>
Emissions calculation methodology
<Not Applicable>
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or value chain partners
<Not Applicable>
Please explain
C6.7
(C6.7) Are carbon dioxide emissions from biogenic carbon relevant to your organization?
No
C6.10
(C6.10) Describe your gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the reporting year in metric tons CO2e per unit currency total revenue and provide any additional intensity metrics that are appropriate to your business operations.
Intensity figure
0.0000239
Metric numerator (Gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions, metric tons CO2e)
14620902
Metric denominator
unit total revenue
Metric denominator: Unit total
611289000000
Scope 2 figure used
Market-based
% change from previous year
3.3
Direction of change
Decreased
Reason(s) for change
Change in renewable energy consumption
Change in revenue
Please explain
Increase in revenue is the driving factor of the increase in intensity, partially offset by increase in onsite and transportation fuels in the current year.
C7. Emissions breakdowns
C7.1
(C7.1) Does your organization break down its Scope 1 emissions by greenhouse gas type?
Yes
C7.1a
(C7.1a) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by greenhouse gas type and provide the source of each used greenhouse warming potential (GWP).
Greenhouse gas	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons of CO2e)	GWP Reference
CH4
1679
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
CO2
3619011
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
HFCs
4141235
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
N2O
8636
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
PFCs
0
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
Other, please specify (HCFC)
110206
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year)
C7.2
(C7.2) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by country/area/region.
Country/area/region	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Africa
90630
Canada
270573
Central America
110218
Chile
379424
China
271527
India
6295
Mexico
776166
Other, please specify (United States and Puerto Rico)
5976033
C7.3
(C7.3) Indicate which gross global Scope 1 emissions breakdowns you are able to provide.
By business division
By facility
By activity
C7.3a
(C7.3a) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business division.
Business division	Scope 1 emissions (metric ton CO2e)
Walmart U.S.
5282361
Walmart International
1904833
Sam's Club
649920
Corporate and Support
43752
C7.3b
(C7.3b) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business facility.
Facility	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)	Latitude	Longitude
Walmart US Store US-0001; Walmart has more than 10,500 stores across the world. The information disclosed in this row relates to one store in the United States.
762
36.3313
-94.149054
Other (remaining Walmart Inc.)
7880104
0
0
C7.3c
(C7.3c) Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business activity.
Activity	Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Retail Formats
5345464
Wholesale & Membership Formats
793126
Discount Formats
445350
Convenience Formats
3877
Non Store Formats
1293049
C7.5
(C7.5) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by country/area/region.
Country/area/region	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
Africa
300420
300420
Canada
114072
114072
Central America
53260
53260
Chile
186481
63206
China
826041
820438
India
87579
87579
Mexico
995322
377311
Other, please specify (United States and Puerto Rico)
7318361
4923750
C7.6
(C7.6) Indicate which gross global Scope 2 emissions breakdowns you are able to provide.
By business division
By facility
By activity
C7.6a
(C7.6a) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business division.
Business division	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
Walmart U.S.
6371041
3976430
Walmart International
2563175
1816286
Sam's Club
774810
774810
Corporate and Support
172510
172510
C7.6b
(C7.6b) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business facility.
Facility	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
Walmart US Store 01-0001: Walmart has more than 10,500 stores across the world. The information disclosed in this row relates to one store in the United States.
2194
2194
Other (remaining Walmart Inc.)
9879342
6737843
C7.6c
(C7.6c) Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business activity.
Activity	Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e)	Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e)
Retail Formats
7470584
4331859
Wholesale & Membership Formats
1115485
1114889
Discount Formats
448417
448417
Convenience Formats
7001
7001
Non Store Formats
840049
837870
C7.7
(C7.7) Is your organization able to break down your emissions data for any of the subsidiaries included in your CDP response?
Yes
C7.7a
(C7.7a) Break down your gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by subsidiary.
Subsidiary name
Wal Mart de Mexico y Centroamérica
Primary activity
Hypermarkets & superstores
Select the unique identifier(s) you are able to provide for this subsidiary
ISIN code - equity
ISIN code – bond
<Not Applicable>
ISIN code – equity
"WALMEX"
CUSIP number
<Not Applicable>
Ticker symbol
<Not Applicable>
SEDOL code
<Not Applicable>
LEI number
<Not Applicable>
Other unique identifier
<Not Applicable>
Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e)
890398
Scope 2, location-based emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Scope 2, market-based emissions (metric tons CO2e)
443436
Comment
Wal Mart de Mexico y Centroamérica ("WALMEX") is composed of Walmart's activities in both Mexico and Central America.
C7.9
(C7.9) How do your gross global emissions (Scope 1 and 2 combined) for the reporting year compare to those of the previous reporting year?
Increased
C7.9a
(C7.9a) Identify the reasons for any change in your gross global emissions (Scope 1 and 2 combined), and for each of them specify how your emissions compare to the previous year.
Change in emissions (metric tons CO2e)	Direction of change in emissions	Emissions value (percentage)	Please explain calculation
Change in renewable energy consumption	
46777
Decreased
0.33
Between 2021 and 2022, Walmart decreased onsite renewables generation and increased contracted renewable energy. The net impact of the increased renewable energy usage translated into a 46,777 mtCO2e reduction YOY for Scope 2 (market-based) and 0.33% of total emission (Scope 1 & 2).
Other emissions reduction activities	
626271
Increased
4.46
Between 2021 and 2022, Walmart increased its transport fuel (fleet) emissions by ~20% which was primarily due to increased usage of diesel for transportation purposes in the U.S.

Between 2021 and 2022, Walmart increased its stationary fuel emissions by ~20%, primarily due to increased natural gas consumption driven by colder seasonal temperatures for longer durations in the U.S.
Divestment		
<Not Applicable>
Divestments are not included in the identified reasons for YoY change in gross global Scope 1 & 2 emissions as the overall reported emissions for the 2022 back to the 2015 baseline have already been adjusted to account for divested markets.
Acquisitions		
<Not Applicable>
Mergers		
<Not Applicable>
Change in output		
<Not Applicable>
Change in methodology		
<Not Applicable>
Change in boundary		
<Not Applicable>
Change in physical operating conditions		
<Not Applicable>
Unidentified	
2278
Increased
0.02
Various initiatives and other factors contributed to an additional 0.02% increase in total emissions. Calculation = Unidentified change in emissions / (Previous year scope 1 + 2) * 100.
Other		
<Not Applicable>
C7.9b
(C7.9b) Are your emissions performance calculations in C7.9 and C7.9a based on a location-based Scope 2 emissions figure or a market-based Scope 2 emissions figure?
Market-based
C8. Energy
C8.1
(C8.1) What percentage of your total operational spend in the reporting year was on energy?
More than 0% but less than or equal to 5%
C8.2
(C8.2) Select which energy-related activities your organization has undertaken.
Indicate whether your organization undertook this energy-related activity in the reporting year
Consumption of fuel (excluding feedstocks)	
Yes
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity	
Yes
Consumption of purchased or acquired heat	
No
Consumption of purchased or acquired steam	
No
Consumption of purchased or acquired cooling	
No
Generation of electricity, heat, steam, or cooling	
No
C8.2a
(C8.2a) Report your organization’s energy consumption totals (excluding feedstocks) in MWh.
Heating value	MWh from renewable sources	MWh from non-renewable sources	Total (renewable and non-renewable) MWh
Consumption of fuel (excluding feedstock)	
LHV (lower heating value)
0
16692004
16692004
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity	
<Not Applicable>
7138146
17147833
24285979
Consumption of purchased or acquired heat	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased or acquired steam	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of purchased or acquired cooling	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy	
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
Total energy consumption	
<Not Applicable>
7138146
33839837
40977983
C8.2b
(C8.2b) Select the applications of your organization’s consumption of fuel.
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this fuel application
Consumption of fuel for the generation of electricity	
Yes
Consumption of fuel for the generation of heat	
Yes
Consumption of fuel for the generation of steam	
No
Consumption of fuel for the generation of cooling	
No
Consumption of fuel for co-generation or tri-generation	
No
C8.2c
(C8.2c) State how much fuel in MWh your organization has consumed (excluding feedstocks) by fuel type.
Sustainable biomass
Heating value
Unable to confirm heating value
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Other biomass
Heating value
Unable to confirm heating value
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Other renewable fuels (e.g. renewable hydrogen)
Heating value
Unable to confirm heating value
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Coal
Heating value
Unable to confirm heating value
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Oil
Heating value
LHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
7250501
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
4650
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
7245851
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Gas
Heating value
LHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
9429235
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
826501
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
8602734
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Other non-renewable fuels (e.g. non-renewable hydrogen)
Heating value
Unable to confirm heating value
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
12268
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
0
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
12268
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
Total fuel
Heating value
LHV
Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization
16692004
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity
831151
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat
15860853
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling
<Not Applicable>
MWh fuel consumed for self- cogeneration or self-trigeneration
<Not Applicable>
Comment
C8.2g
(C8.2g) Provide a breakdown by country/area of your non-fuel energy consumption in the reporting year.
Country/area
India
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
149133
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
22739
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
688
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
China
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
1339673
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
675242
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Canada
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
949812
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
908639
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Mexico
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2305493
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
542787
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Chile
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
445893
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
277693
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
United States of America
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
18428034
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
14073355
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Costa Rica
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
126069
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
33288
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
El Salvador
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
46435
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
548
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
5815
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Guatemala
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
86025
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
9414
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Honduras
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
42520
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
424
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
7848
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Nicaragua
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
35529
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
944
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
7625
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
South Africa
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
261620
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
113115
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Botswana
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
5080
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
2196
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Mozambique
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2891
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
1250
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Zambia
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
3575
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
1546
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Lesotho
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
1357
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
587
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Namibia
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
3508
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
1517
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Eswatini
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
367
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
159
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Ghana
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2195
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
949
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Kenya
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
2317
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
1002
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Malawi
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
1249
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
540
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Nigeria
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
3358
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
1452
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
United Republic of Tanzania
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
618
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
267
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
Country/area
Uganda
Consumption of purchased electricity (MWh)
871
Consumption of self-generated electricity (MWh)
0
Is this electricity consumption excluded from your RE100 commitment?
No
Consumption of purchased heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
0
Consumption of self-generated heat, steam, and cooling (MWh)
376
Total non-fuel energy consumption (MWh) [Auto-calculated]
C8.2h
(C8.2h) Provide details of your organization’s renewable electricity purchases in the reporting year by country/area.
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Sourcing method
Financial (virtual) power purchase agreement (VPPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
3335564
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2020
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2022
Supply arrangement start year
2021
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
No additional, voluntary label
Comment
Renewable energy consumed via the selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh) is an aggregate value of all wind energy sourced via this method by Walmart with US-RECs for Calendar Year 2022. Due to varying years of commissioning and supply agreements in Walmart’s numerous renewable energy procurement projects, the Diamond Spring LLC project was used an example for the purposes of identifying vintage, supply arrangement start year, and voluntary label responses.
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Sourcing method
Physical power purchase agreement (physical PPA) with a grid-connected generator
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
608395
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2019
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2022
Supply arrangement start year
2019
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
No additional, voluntary label
Comment
Renewable energy consumed via the selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh) is an aggregate value of all wind energy sourced via this Physical PPA by Walmart in the United States with US-RECs for Calendar Year 2022. Due to varying years of commissioning and supply agreements in Walmart’s renewable energy procurement projects, Crocker wind farm was used an example for the purposes of identifying vintage, supply arrangement start year, and voluntary label responses.
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
100190.27
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2006
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2010
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
115776.2
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2010
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2013
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
175459.37
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2010
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2014
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Large hydropower (>25 MW)
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
85903.73
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2010
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2014
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
399905.53
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2014
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2014
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
160073.82
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2013
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2016
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Large hydropower (>25 MW)
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
129649.19
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2011
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2016
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
253757.91
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Mexico
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2013
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2017
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
854.65
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2017
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2017
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
685.81
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2022
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2022
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
529.26
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2018
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2018
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
1207.51
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2016
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2016
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
459.01
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2020
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2020
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
948.47
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
South Africa
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2019
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2019
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Chile
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
289296.23
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Chile
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2018
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
Chile
Sourcing method
Project-specific contract with an electricity supplier
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
4355.71
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
Chile
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2018
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
China
Sourcing method
Retail supply contract with an electricity supplier (retail green electricity)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
3622.89
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
China
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2019
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
Before 2020
Supply arrangement start year
2019
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
China
Sourcing method
Retail supply contract with an electricity supplier (retail green electricity)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
5543.32
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
China
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2022
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2022
Supply arrangement start year
2022
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
China
Sourcing method
Retail supply contract with an electricity supplier (retail green electricity)
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
3526.89
Tracking instrument used
Contract
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
China
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
Yes
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
2022
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2022
Supply arrangement start year
2022
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Sourcing method
Unbundled procurement of Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs)
Renewable electricity technology type
Wind
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
200000
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2023
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Sourcing method
Retail supply contract with an electricity supplier (retail green electricity)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
1185193.5
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2023
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
Country/area of consumption of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Sourcing method
Purchase from an on-site installation owned by a third party (on-site PPA)
Renewable electricity technology type
Solar
Renewable electricity consumed via selected sourcing method in the reporting year (MWh)
26351
Tracking instrument used
US-REC
Country/area of origin (generation) of purchased renewable electricity
United States of America
Are you able to report the commissioning or re-powering year of the energy generation facility?
No
Commissioning year of the energy generation facility (e.g. date of first commercial operation or repowering)
<Not Applicable>
Vintage of the renewable energy/attribute (i.e. year of generation)
2023
Supply arrangement start year
2023
Additional, voluntary label associated with purchased renewable electricity
Please select
Comment
C8.2j
(C8.2j) Provide details of your organization’s renewable electricity generation by country/area in the reporting year.
C8.2k
(C8.2k) Describe how your organization’s renewable electricity sourcing strategy directly or indirectly contributes to bringing new capacity into the grid in the countries/areas in which you operate.
Walmart contributes to bringing new capacity into the grid through methods that include onsite generation, power purchase agreements, and tax equity deals. As of the end of 2021, we had more than 600 onsite and offsite renewable energy projects in operation or under development in over 10 countries. According to the U.S. EPA Green Power Partnership Top 30 Retail Ranking, Walmart was the top retail partner in terms of annual green power usage in the U.S. during the reporting year. As a specific example, we contracted in 2021 to purchase additional renewable energy, including 50 MW of a 129 MW community solar project in New York that will supply renewable energy to 36 facilities. We also participate in and support coalitions like the Clean Energy Buyers Association (formerly REBA), RE100 and others to help shape energy policies and advance cost-effective sustainable options in the regions where we operate.  



 In 2020, we launched Gigaton PPA, a collaboration with Schneider Electric to help eligible suppliers access renewable energy, learn about energy purchases, reduce emissions and contribute toward Project Gigaton. The first Gigaton PPA supplier cohort formed in 2021 and the project is progressing through the development process.  

C8.2l
(C8.2l) In the reporting year, has your organization faced any challenges to sourcing renewable electricity?
Challenges to sourcing renewable electricity	Challenges faced by your organization which were not country/area-specific
Row 1	
No
<Not Applicable>
C9. Additional metrics
C9.1
(C9.1) Provide any additional climate-related metrics relevant to your business.
C10. Verification
C10.1
(C10.1) Indicate the verification/assurance status that applies to your reported emissions.
Verification/assurance status
Scope 1	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
Scope 2 (location-based or market-based)	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
Scope 3	
Third-party verification or assurance process in place
C10.1a
(C10.1a) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 1 emissions, and attach the relevant statements.
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Walmart - CY2022 CDP Letter FINAL_Issued 20230724 V2.pdf
Page/ section reference
2
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.1b
(C10.1b) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 2 emissions and attach the relevant statements.
Scope 2 approach
Scope 2 market-based
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Walmart - CY2022 CDP Letter FINAL_Issued 20230724 V2.pdf
Page/ section reference
2
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.1c
(C10.1c) Provide further details of the verification/assurance undertaken for your Scope 3 emissions and attach the relevant statements.
Scope 3 category
Scope 3: Business travel
Verification or assurance cycle in place
Annual process
Status in the current reporting year
Complete
Type of verification or assurance
Limited assurance
Attach the statement
Walmart - CY2022 CDP Letter FINAL_Issued 20230724 V2.pdf
Page/section reference
2
Relevant standard
ISO14064-3
Proportion of reported emissions verified (%)
100
C10.2
(C10.2) Do you verify any climate-related information reported in your CDP disclosure other than the emissions figures reported in C6.1, C6.3, and C6.5?
No, but we are actively considering verifying within the next two years
C11. Carbon pricing
C11.1
(C11.1) Are any of your operations or activities regulated by a carbon pricing system (i.e. ETS, Cap & Trade or Carbon Tax)?
Yes
C11.1a
(C11.1a) Select the carbon pricing regulation(s) which impacts your operations.
Beijing pilot ETS
C11.1b
(C11.1b) Complete the following table for each of the emissions trading schemes you are regulated by.
Beijing pilot ETS
% of Scope 1 emissions covered by the ETS
0
% of Scope 2 emissions covered by the ETS
0.193
Period start date
January 1 2021
Period end date
December 31 2021
Allowances allocated
15180
Allowances purchased
0
Verified Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e
15.28
Verified Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e
13032.3
Details of ownership
Facilities we own and operate
Comment
The Beijing ETS doesn’t release CY2022 data until after the CDP deadline of the following year. Walmart is disclosing the most recent available data. Scope 2 emissions represented in this figure are Beijing ETS-subject Scope 2 emissions in CO2e divided by market-based total Scope 2 emissions. Scope 2 emissions represented in this figure are Beijing ETS-subject Scope 1 emissions in CO2e divided by total Scope 1 emissions.
C11.1d
(C11.1d) What is your strategy for complying with the systems you are regulated by or anticipate being regulated by?
Walmart's team regularly reviews current and proposed regulations and policies established by the carbon pricing systems in which we participate (e.g., Beijing ETS) and/or are considering participating in, and ensures that Walmart adheres to current regulations and policies. For example, Walmart complies with the Beijing ETS by seeking to ensure it has enough emissions credits to comply and selling excess credits onto the market when not needed. Walmart sold 23,000 credits in 2021.

C11.2
(C11.2) Has your organization canceled any project-based carbon credits within the reporting year?
No
C11.3
(C11.3) Does your organization use an internal price on carbon?
No, and we do not currently anticipate doing so in the next two years
C12. Engagement
C12.1
(C12.1) Do you engage with your value chain on climate-related issues?
Yes, our suppliers
Yes, our customers/clients
Yes, other partners in the value chain
C12.1a
(C12.1a) Provide details of your climate-related supplier engagement strategy.
Type of engagement
Engagement & incentivization (changing supplier behavior)
Details of engagement
Run an engagement campaign to educate suppliers about climate change
Provide training, support, and best practices on how to make credible renewable energy usage claims
Provide training, support, and best practices on how to set science-based targets 
% of suppliers by number
12
% total procurement spend (direct and indirect)
75
% of supplier-related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
Rationale for the coverage of your engagement
Our Project Gigaton strategy seeks to engage the suppliers who are responsible for the vast majority of our procurement and Scope 3 emissions, while still “democratizing” climate action by making the platform available and relevant to suppliers, big or small.

Approximately 75% of U.S. product net sales comes from suppliers reporting through Project Gigaton which illustrates our key suppliers are engaged in the program; at the same time, over 5,200 suppliers have signed up, illustrating the breadth of the effort.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
We designed Project Gigaton to incentivize our suppliers to engage in product value chain-wide mitigation of emissions with the ultimate goal and measure of success being reducing, avoiding, or sequestering 1 billion metric tons of emissions (CO2e) by 2030. We therefore measure the impact of the program and success by the cumulative emissions our suppliers report having reduced, avoided or sequestered. Since 2017 more than 750 million MT of CO2e emissions have been reported as reduced, avoided or sequestered by suppliers. In FY2023, more than 3,000 suppliers reported having reduced, avoided, or sequestered more than 175 MMT of CO2e. We have achieved more than 75% of the goal to date.

Beyond the top-line result, we also encourage suppliers to sign up, set goals, increase their ambition over time by reporting through additional action pillars, and report their progress. We therefore also measure impact and success by counting and reporting the number of suppliers who have signed up (more than 5.200), who report through Project Gigaton (more than 3,000), who have achieved “Giga Guru” status (more than 1,500), and who report through individual pillars (in FY2023 reporting suppliers reported to the following pillars - energy 1,953, Waste 1,442, Packaging 2,155, Product use and design 1,311, Nature 823, Transport 1,127.
Comment
The percent of total procurement spend is our percentage of U.S. product net sales dollars represented by reporting suppliers.

The percent of suppliers by number represents our U.S. supplier count that reported through Project Gigaton in the reporting year as a percentage of total U.S. supplier count in Project Gigaton. The count of suppliers considered in the calculation only include suppliers that are eligible for Project Gigaton reporting and does not necessarily reflect all U.S. suppliers.
C12.1b
(C12.1b) Give details of your climate-related engagement strategy with your customers.
Type of engagement & Details of engagement
Education/information sharing	Share information about your products and relevant certification schemes (i.e. Energy STAR)
% of customers by number
100
% of customer - related Scope 3 emissions as reported in C6.5
Please explain the rationale for selecting this group of customers and scope of engagement
We aim to make it easier for all (100%) of our U.S. customers to find products that are built better for them and for the planet. Examples include:
Built for Better: Walmart U.S. launched Built for Better shopping icons to make it easier for customers to identify and shop for products that are built better—for them, for communities, and for the planet. Products that are eligible for the “Built for Better—For the Planet” icon meet independent standards that recognize one or more environmental benefits—like products designed for a lesser impact on climate.
Member's Mark: In 2022, Sam’s Club relaunched its Members Mark™ brand as “Made with our Member and Planet in Mind"—an aspiration for all items to be of the highest quality while featuring a focus on people and planet. It also aims to incorporate more recyclable, reusable, and industrially compostable components in Member’s Mark items and packaging.
Additionally, we use in-store signage and encourage suppliers to label products to promote more sustainable purchasing and consuming practices. Examples include:
Certification logos: Many environmental certifications we accept include practices that may reduce greenhouse gases. Certified products typically carry the relevant certification logo on pack; in some cases, we use in-store signage to call out products with social or environmental attributes. Many products and commodities have achieved a high level of certifications in the U.S. For example, fresh and frozen seafood achieved ~96% certification in Walmart U.S for FY23.
Recycling labels: We believe increasing recycling, reuse and composting will help reduce the demand for virgin plastic, a key source of greenhouse gases. We have asked our private brand suppliers and encourage national brand suppliers to label our food and consumable product packaging with consumer-friendly recycling information. Our goal is for 100% of Walmart U.S. private brand food and consumable packaging to include the How2Recycle® label by 2022; in FY2023 Walmart U.S. achieved 92%, according to supplier reports.
Loop: We are engaging select customers through Loop, a circular reuse platform that allows certain Walmart+ customers based in Northwest Arkansas to purchase a product assortment in refillable, reusable containers, delivered to our customers' homes via our InHome platform. This pilot program promotes less packaging waste.
Impact of engagement, including measures of success
We believe that the everyday choice should be more sustainable, and through our actions, we are making that possible. Our aspiration is to help transform the production of consumer goods to be more sustainable as well as make it easier for all of our customer to access and learn about relevant products and issues, we measure the impact of our engagement in several ways:

The first way is the extent to which our assortment is meeting our goals for climate, nature and waste/circularity in supply chains. We disclose our progress in our ESG Reporting and key metrics of success include: CO2e emissions reduced or avoided through Project Gigaton (>750 MMT since 2017 which increased by >175 MMT in FY23), the percentage of 20 commodities more sustainably sourced by 2025 (we have achieved certification at or above 95% in the U.S. for many products, including fresh and frozen seafood, bananas, and coffee, according to supplier reports), the percentage of private-brand plastic packaging made of post-consumer recycled content in 2022 (7%, based on supplier reports). For a full list of the indicators we measure and our progress towards achieving our goals, please see our ESG Data Table.

The other way we measure this is through customer engagement. During our 2021 priority assessment we gathered customer perspectives on key topics through research and analysis. Insights from U.S. customers included that climate change is a top priority. We also engage Walmart customers regularly through surveys to gauge their behaviors/attitudes and support for climate action.
C12.1d
(C12.1d) Give details of your climate-related engagement strategy with other partners in the value chain.
Beyond suppliers and customers, the effectiveness of our climate efforts depends on engaging other actors who participate in or influence the value chain including policy makers, other retailers and opinion leaders in support of climate action. Examples of our approaches include:



Multi-stakeholder coalitions: In addition to working to shape climate strategies and advocacy, we are members of other coalitions advocating for an enabling policy environment. Examples included: We Are Still In; Clean Energy Buyers Association; Business for Nature and LEAF coalition. More information can be found in our Climate Change ESG Brief. 



Trade Associations: We engage on climate action through our membership in various trade associations. For example, we supported our trade associations in their engagement with the U.S. Department of Transportation to consider the retail sector during its planning for the implementation of the National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Formula Program. More information can be found in our Engagement in Public Policy and Climate Change ESG Briefs.  



Policy: Walmart advocates for 1.5°C-aligned, science-based national and international climate policies that are consistent with achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 and fairly and equitably address the needs of all stakeholders in line with our Board-approved Statement on Climate Policy.  Specific examples can be found in our Engagement in Public Policy ESG Brief.  



Investors: We engage with investors through direct meetings and correspondence on our climate strategy and efforts. To reach a greater number of stakeholders, we also hosted a climate related webinar for investors in 2021. 



Multilateral policy: In November 2022, at COP27, Walmart supported a business call for countries to take necessary action to keep global temperature rises to 1.5C. Walmart was also a member of the International Chamber of Commerce’s (ICC) delegation at COP27 supporting the business voice in ongoing climate negotiations.



Additionally, the March 2022 meeting of the United Nations Environment Assembly marked the start of a multi-year negotiation to launch a binding global treaty to end plastics pollution. This new treaty would seek to control the production of certain plastics, restricting and monitoring the use of dangerous chemicals, and implementing a robust reporting environment to encourage transparency around plastic waste. At Climate Week NYC in September 2022, The Ellen MacArthur Foundation and World Wildlife Fund launched the Business Coalition for a Global Plastics Treaty to advocate for an ambitious plastics treaty. Walmart endorsed the vision and supported this coalition during the first negotiation meeting of the Global Plastics Treaty (INC1). The International Chamber of Commerce has also launched a new working group on the Plastics Treaty, of which Walmart is the chair. 

C12.2
(C12.2) Do your suppliers have to meet climate-related requirements as part of your organization’s purchasing process?
Yes, climate-related requirements are included in our supplier contracts
C12.2a
(C12.2a) Provide details of the climate-related requirements that suppliers have to meet as part of your organization’s purchasing process and the compliance mechanisms in place.
Climate-related requirement
Other, please specify (Certifying products to sustainability standards)
Description of this climate related requirement
Our sourcing teams seek to procure products that support our commitment to regenerative supply chains. For commodities that come from (or contain ingredients that come from) nature, Walmart articulates our expectations through nature-related policies and position statements, which include expectations regarding certifications.

For example, by 2025 we have a goal to source private brand products made of pulp, paper, and timber that are deforestation and conversion-free. A key part of that goal includes sustainability certifications, such as Forest Stewardship Council, Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification, Sustainable Forestry Initiative.

The percentage of suppliers by procurement spend in compliance with this climate and nature related policy is assessed by the percentage of supplier-reported pulp and paper volumes in Walmart private brand products certified as more sustainable or containing recycled content is the quotient of the volume of certified or recycled pulp and paper divided by total volume of pulp and paper, per the supplier survey responses.
% suppliers by procurement spend that have to comply with this climate-related requirement
100
% suppliers by procurement spend in compliance with this climate-related requirement
87
Mechanisms for monitoring compliance with this climate-related requirement
Certification
Response to supplier non-compliance with this climate-related requirement
Retain and engage
C12.3
(C12.3) Does your organization engage in activities that could either directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate?
Row 1
External engagement activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Yes, we engage directly with policy makers
Yes, our membership of/engagement with trade associations could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Yes, we fund organizations or individuals whose activities could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Does your organization have a public commitment or position statement to conduct your engagement activities in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes
Attach commitment or position statement(s)
Climate Policy
Climate Policy.docx
Describe the process(es) your organization has in place to ensure that your external engagement activities are consistent with your climate commitments and/or climate transition plan
Walmart is committed to policy advocacy aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement. Our advocacy has been consistent with that agreement since 2016. In 2021, we memorialized our commitment in a Board-approved Statement on Climate Policy. The Statement frames our advocacy around achieving 1.5° Celsius-aligned, science-based national and international climate policies that are consistent with achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 and that equitably address the needs of all.

We help ensure that our external engagement activities are consistent with these external commitments through transparency, oversight, and regular reviews.

Transparency: We communicate our strategic priorities and perspective on matters of public policy where appropriate with our trade associations, policymakers and the public so that our positions are known. For example, we have shared our views on climate policy with key trade associations, the public, and lawmakers.

Oversight: Per Walmart’s Government Relations Policy, all engagements on matters of public policy, must be conducted in coordination with our Government Relations department. This coordination and oversight helps to ensure consistency of messaging and thorough evaluation. The Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) of the Walmart Inc. Board of Directors oversees our public policy strategies and activities, including those related to climate change. In 2022, NGC/management discussions included Walmart’s planned U.S. federal government affairs and policy priorities for 2022-2023.

Regular reviews: Walmart periodically reviews its memberships in trade associations to determine if any adjustments are needed based on positions they have taken. If a conflict is identified--and where we generally support the organization’s priorities and the positions the organization has taken on major issues--we may maintain general membership in the organization while working to influence the organization’s direction as necessary. In other instances, we may elect only to provide financial support for particular organizational initiatives. If a relationship—on balance—does not align with our priorities, we would end ties with the organization altogether.
Primary reason for not engaging in activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
<Not Applicable>
Explain why your organization does not engage in activities that could directly or indirectly influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
<Not Applicable>
C12.3a
(C12.3a) On what policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate has your organization been engaging directly with policy makers in the reporting year?
Specify the policy, law, or regulation on which your organization is engaging with policy makers
Inflation Reduction Act (IRA)
Category of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate  
Climate change mitigation
Focus area of policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate
Emissions – CO2
Emissions – methane
Emissions – other GHGs
Renewable energy generation 
Policy, law, or regulation geographic coverage
National
Country/area/region the policy, law, or regulation applies to
United States of America
Your organization’s position on the policy, law, or regulation
Support with minor exceptions
Description of engagement with policy makers
With respect to the Inflation Reduction Act (and its predecessor Build Back Better), Walmart representatives engaged directly with policy makers, helped to shape trade association perspectives, and made public statements of support in line with Walmart’s Climate Policy statement.

Direct engagement: Walmart policy teams and subject matter experts met directly with lawmakers and their staff to help them understand the relevance of the IRA to Walmart’s business, describe how the climate provisions aligned with Walmart’s objectives, and to advocate support for the climate provisions of the IRA.

Trade association engagement: Knowing that trade associations were conducting their own dialogues with and outreach to legislators, Walmart helped to shape the positions they took. Associations with whom Walmart worked include Business Roundtable and the Clean Energy Buyers Association.

Public statements: Walmart executives made public statements emphasizing the importance and urgency of the climate provisions in the Build Back Better legislation and reinforcing the public policy elements Walmart supports in line with a 1.5-degree trajectory.
Details of exceptions (if applicable) and your organization’s proposed alternative approach to the policy, law or regulation
We fully supported the climate provisions and the bill overall, while engaging policy makers to revise some of the non-climate related provisions.
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement on this policy, law, or regulation is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Please explain whether this policy, law or regulation is central to the achievement of your climate transition plan and, if so, how?
As part of this legislation, the government will invest significantly into the expansion of clean energy throughout the U.S. This will benefit Walmart as a cleaner grid will help us to achieve our goal of zero emissions by 2040.

Additionally, the credits and incentives related to the development and scaling of new technologies and fuels will help us to achieve our goal of reaching net-zero emissions from all our vehicles and transportation network.
C12.3b
(C12.3b) Provide details of the trade associations your organization is a member of, or engages with, which are likely to take a position on any policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate.
Trade association
Business Roundtable
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we publicly promoted their current position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
Walmart’s position on climate change is generally consistent with the Business Roundtable. Walmart has endorsed the Business Roundtable’s call for a U.S. national climate policy solution to reduce U.S.-based emissions by at least 80% by 2050 through a market-based mechanism that includes a price on carbon.

As Walmart transforms its business and trade associations reevaluate their priorities, misalignment between Walmart and the association may occur. Where they do, we directly engage the trade association to help it understand our priorities and positions. We also periodically reevaluate our memberships and engagement models to ensure overall alignment.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Consumer Goods Forum (CGF)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we publicly promoted their current position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
Walmart’s position on climate change is generally consistent with the Consumer Goods Forum. In September 2017, the Consumer Goods Forum reaffirmed its commitment regarding the Paris Agreement: “We reaffirm our commitment to engage and act with determination, leadership and ambition to address challenges posed by climate change and to help advance progress against the goals and objective outlined in the Paris Climate Agreement."

As Walmart transforms its business and trade associations reevaluate their priorities, misalignment between Walmart and the association may occur. Where they do, we directly engage the trade association to help it understand our priorities and positions. We also periodically reevaluate our memberships and engagement models to ensure overall alignment.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Trade association
Other, please specify (National Retail Federation)
Is your organization’s position on climate change policy consistent with theirs?
Consistent
Has your organization attempted to influence their position in the reporting year?
Yes, we publicly promoted their current position
Describe how your organization’s position is consistent with or differs from the trade association’s position, and any actions taken to influence their position
Walmart’s position is generally aligned with that of the National Retail Federation (NRF). In January 2022, in partnership with Walmart and other leading retailers, NRF released the Retailers Reaching for Net-zero guide, a document developed with the NRF Sustainability Council (of which Walmart is a member). The guide makes the business case for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, provides a pathway for setting science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets and provides an extensive resource list to assist retailers in reaching their own sustainability goals. In January 2022, Walmart U.S. President and CEO John Furner was elected chairman of the board of NRF. In this capacity he will further the engagement of the association in priority policy areas, including climate.
Funding figure your organization provided to this trade association in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
Describe the aim of your organization’s funding
<Not Applicable>
Have you evaluated whether your organization’s engagement with this trade association is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
C12.3c
(C12.3c) Provide details of the funding you provided to other organizations or individuals in the reporting year whose activities could influence policy, law, or regulation that may impact the climate.
Type of organization or individual
Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) or charitable organization
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
Clean Energy Buyers Institute (REBA Institute)
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
50000
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
Walmart provides funding to support the REBA Institute, also known as the Clean Energy Buyers Institute (CEBI). CEBI is focused on solving the toughest market and policy barriers to achieving a carbon-free energy system in collaboration with policymakers, leading philanthropies, and energy market stakeholders. The aim of our funding includes supporting CEBI providing tools that can be used broadly by the energy buyer community and catalyze continued growth and simultaneously send strong demand signals to encourage supply side action. Additionally, over time, it will help CEBI build their influence through broader industry participation and engagement and strategic engagement with policymakers and regulators.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
Type of organization or individual
Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) or charitable organization
State the organization or individual to which you provided funding
World Wildlife Federation Climate Business Network
Funding figure your organization provided to this organization or individual in the reporting year (currency as selected in C0.4)
55000
Describe the aim of this funding and how it could influence policy, law or regulation that may impact the climate
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) advocates for strong American commitments under the Paris Climate Agreement and continues to work to advance federal policies to ensure the U.S. meets these commitments and transitions to a clean energy economy. The WWF Climate Business Network (CBN) is a network of ambitious and influential companies convened by WWF that supports the transition to a 1.5°C future. It is a global support network for national WWF partnerships. It helps drive businesses forward on their sustainability journey through engagement on key topics. We are working with WWF CBN to encourage member companies to set a Science Based Target Initiative, aligned to 1.5C, and to publicly disclose climate targets and progress.
Have you evaluated whether this funding is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement?
Yes, we have evaluated, and it is aligned
C12.4
(C12.4) Have you published information about your organization’s response to climate change and GHG emissions performance for this reporting year in places other than in your CDP response? If so, please attach the publication(s).
Publication
In mainstream reports
Status
Complete
Attach the document
Walmart-10K-Reports-Optimized.pdf
Page/Section reference
pages 12, 17-18, and 100
Content elements
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Emissions figures
Emission targets
Comment
Walmart’s Annual Report discloses information on our climate-related science-based targets for emissions reduction, including our goal to achieve zero emissions in our operations by 2040
—without offsets—and to reduce or avoid one billion metric tons of emissions in our value chain by 2030 under our
Project Gigaton initiative.
Additionally, it discusses potential climate related risks and possible long-term impacts of climate change involving both physical risks or transition risks.
Publication
In voluntary sustainability report
Status
Complete
Attach the document
Climate Change Brief.pdf
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.pdf
Page/Section reference
all pages
Content elements
Governance
Strategy
Risks & opportunities
Emissions figures
Emission targets
Comment
Walmart publishes a Climate Change Brief and a separate TCFD aligned disclosure on our website.
C12.5
(C12.5) Indicate the collaborative frameworks, initiatives and/or commitments related to environmental issues for which you are a signatory/member.
Environmental collaborative framework, initiative and/or commitment	Describe your organization’s role within each framework, initiative and/or commitment
Row 1	
Race to Zero Campaign
We Are Still In
Other, please specify (Clean Energy Buyers Association)
We Are Still In: We are a signatory to the coalition, which demonstrates our long-standing commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement. We also signed the We Mean Business/Ceres letter that supports a U.S. goal to cut emissions by at least 50% by 2030 and achieve net zero emissions by 2050. The group also endorsed the bipartisan Growing Climate Solutions Act, which reflects a valuable strategy for increasing carbon sequestration opportunities in the agricultural supply chain.

Race to Zero: Walmart, along with others, launched the Race to Zero Breakthroughs: Retail Campaign in partnership with the COP26 High Level Climate Action Champions and supported by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. As part of this campaign, retailers have pledged their support to accelerate a movement in the retail industry to drive climate action and encourage other retailers to set out their plans to achieve 1.5 degree aligned carbon reduction targets.

Clean Energy Buyers Association (CEBA): Walmart currently sits on the board and is a long-time member of CEBA (formerly the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance), a collaboration of clean energy buyers, energy providers and service providers that, together with NGO partners, desire a transition to a zero-carbon energy future. The group advocates for policies such as wholesale energy market expansion, flexible financing for renewables, retail access and a federal carbon-free green grid. We advised and endorsed CEBA’s statement on the Inflation Reduction Act, which emphasized market and policy-based measures to decarbonize the grid.
C15. Biodiversity
C15.1
(C15.1) Is there board-level oversight and/or executive management-level responsibility for biodiversity-related issues within your organization?
Board-level oversight and/or executive management-level responsibility for biodiversity-related issues	Description of oversight and objectives relating to biodiversity	Scope of board-level oversight
Row 1	
Please select
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C15.2
(C15.2) Has your organization made a public commitment and/or endorsed any initiatives related to biodiversity?
Indicate whether your organization made a public commitment or endorsed any initiatives related to biodiversity	Biodiversity-related public commitments	Initiatives endorsed
Row 1	
Please select
<Not Applicable>
<Not Applicable>
C15.3
(C15.3) Does your organization assess the impacts and dependencies of its value chain on biodiversity?
Impacts on biodiversity
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this type of assessment
Value chain stage(s) covered
<Not Applicable>
Portfolio activity
<Not Applicable>
Tools and methods to assess impacts and/or dependencies on biodiversity
<Not Applicable>
Please explain how the tools and methods are implemented and provide an indication of the associated outcome(s)
<Not Applicable>
Dependencies on biodiversity
Indicate whether your organization undertakes this type of assessment
Value chain stage(s) covered
<Not Applicable>
Portfolio activity
<Not Applicable>
Tools and methods to assess impacts and/or dependencies on biodiversity
<Not Applicable>
Please explain how the tools and methods are implemented and provide an indication of the associated outcome(s)
<Not Applicable>
C15.4
(C15.4) Does your organization have activities located in or near to biodiversity- sensitive areas in the reporting year?
C15.5
(C15.5) What actions has your organization taken in the reporting year to progress your biodiversity-related commitments?
Have you taken any actions in the reporting period to progress your biodiversity-related commitments?	Type of action taken to progress biodiversity- related commitments
Row 1	
Please select
<Not Applicable>
C15.6
(C15.6) Does your organization use biodiversity indicators to monitor performance across its activities?
Does your organization use indicators to monitor biodiversity performance?	Indicators used to monitor biodiversity performance
Row 1	
Please select
Please select
C15.7
(C15.7) Have you published information about your organization’s response to biodiversity-related issues for this reporting year in places other than in your CDP response? If so, please attach the publication(s).
Report type	Content elements	Attach the document and indicate where in the document the relevant biodiversity information is located
C16. Signoff
C-FI
(C-FI) Use this field to provide any additional information or context that you feel is relevant to your organization's response. Please note that this field is optional and is not scored.
C16.1
(C16.1) Provide details for the person that has signed off (approved) your CDP climate change response.
Job title	Corresponding job category
Row 1	
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Walmart Inc.
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
C0. Introduction
C1. Governance
C2. Risks and opportunities
C3. Business Strategy
C4. Targets and performance
C5. Emissions methodology
C6. Emissions data
C7. Emissions breakdowns
C8. Energy
C9. Additional metrics
C10. Verification
C11. Carbon pricing
C12. Engagement
C15. Biodiversity
C16. Signoff
CDP
Still need help?  Contact us.

© 2024 CDP North America
Inc.U.S. registered 501(c)3 with tax-exempt status
127 West 26th Street, Suite 300, New York, NY 10001, U.S.

Accredited solutions providers
Offices
Staff
Trustees, board and advisors
Cookies
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Careers
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 YouTube
 Vimeo